screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	able	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	black	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	first	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	simple	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	bottom	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	right	null
waste	http://dbpedia.org/resource/WASTE	dispose	simple	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	bottom	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	right	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	white	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	lost	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	same	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	rare	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	cool	null
zillion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zillion_II	memory stick slots	a lot nicer	null
hunter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Warcraft	nomad	great	null
hunter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Warcraft	nomad	rock-bottom	null
hunter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Warcraft	nomad	set	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	minor	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	so-so	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	complete	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	long	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	minor	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	only so-so	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	really long	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	big	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	visual	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	regular	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	run	2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	only	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	able	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	clear	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	able to clear	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	run	null
dust	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust:_A_Tale_of_the_Wired_West	infrared	first	null
dust	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust:_A_Tale_of_the_Wired_West	infrared	temporary	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	main	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	professional	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	spent	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	nice	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	pleased	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	only	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	able	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	clear	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	able to clear	2
gear	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_of_War	wheel	professional	null
gear	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_of_War	wheel	spent	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	professional	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	spent	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	nice	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	nice	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Integrated_Runtime	carrier	hot	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Integrated_Runtime	carrier	quite hot	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Integrated_Runtime	carrier	given	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	more commonly used	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	used	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	more commonly used	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	used	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	hot	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	quite hot	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	given	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	pleased	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Integrated_Runtime	carrier	only	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Integrated_Runtime	carrier	able	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Integrated_Runtime	carrier	clear	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Integrated_Runtime	carrier	able to clear	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	okay	-1
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	okay	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	only	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	red	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	able	-2
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	only	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	particular	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	able	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	certain	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	special	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	able to access	-3
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	full	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	whole	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	paid	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	whole	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	paid	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	inclined	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	free	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	real	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	regular	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	defective	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	defective	-2
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	new	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	able	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	last	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	couple	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	used	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	made	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	white	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	other	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	internal	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	used	null
divx	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DivX	playback quality	able	null
divx	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DivX	playback quality	come	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	raw	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	other	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
cdr	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CorelDRAW	cd burner	raw	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	raw	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	busy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	busy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	-3
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	cool	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	different	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	free	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	able	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	smart	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	surprised	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	slim	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	normal	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	normal	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	able	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	smart	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	surprised	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	able	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	smart	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	surprised	null
ripper	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Ripper	spam killer	able	null
ripper	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Ripper	spam killer	smart	null
ripper	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Ripper	spam killer	surprised	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	busy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	busy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bottom	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	incorrect	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	read	3
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	wrong	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	disappointed	3
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	uncertain	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	future	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	long	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	right	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	3
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	known	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	other	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	new	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	certain	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	other	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	slim	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	sure	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	pricey	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	old	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	old	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sharp	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	basically every	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	tested	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	high	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	expensive	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much better	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	2
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	old	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	free	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	old	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	old	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	basically every	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	tested	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	slim	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sure	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	pricey	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	old	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sharp	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	flimsy	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a bit flimsy	2
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	first	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	available	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	several	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	busy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	busy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	tried	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	progressive	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	new	-2
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	first	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	stylish	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	slim	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	stylish slim	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	first	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	slim	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish slim	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	worth	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	stylish	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	slim	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	stylish slim	-3
pal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_Abstraction_Layer	video quality	due	null
pal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_Abstraction_Layer	video quality	wrong	null
pal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_Abstraction_Layer	video quality	progressive	null
pal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_Abstraction_Layer	video quality	set	null
move	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_Move	player	stupid	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	supposed	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	gone	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	good	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	progressive	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	low	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	known	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	progressive	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	relatively low	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	better known	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	progressive	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	low	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	known	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	progressive	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	relatively low	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	better known	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	bad	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	several	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	several	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	clean	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	other	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	clean	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	fine	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	loud	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	fine	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	old	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	progressive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	known	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	progressive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	relatively low	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	better known	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	fine	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	loud	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSD-10_Pioneer	sound	fine	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	several	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	several	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	clean	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	clean	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	other	-3
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	crappy	-3
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	other	-3
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	incredibly crappy	-3
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	worse	-3
season	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_2:_Seasons	finish	bad	null
season	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_2:_Seasons	finish	several	null
season	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_2:_Seasons	finish	several	null
season	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_2:_Seasons	finish	clean	null
season	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_2:_Seasons	finish	other	null
season	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_2:_Seasons	finish	clean	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	loud	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fine	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	loud	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fine	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	shiny	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	cheap	-3
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	sure	-3
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	cheap and cheasy	-3
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	not sure	-3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	different	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	different	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	turned	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	able	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	made	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	frustrated	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	frustrated	null
exchange	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Exchange_Server	price	busy	null
exchange	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Exchange_Server	price	busy	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	green	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red to green	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	red	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	green	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	red to green	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excellent	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	last	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	progressive	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	old	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	given	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	excellent	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammell_Pioneer_Semi-trailer	sound	last	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammell_Pioneer_Semi-trailer	sound	progressive	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammell_Pioneer_Semi-trailer	sound	old	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammell_Pioneer_Semi-trailer	sound	given	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excellent	null
pioneer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammell_Pioneer_Semi-trailer	sound	excellent	null
impression	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoImpression	player	much better	null
lemon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Parser_Generator	made	other	null
lemon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Parser_Generator	made	lemon	null
lemon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Parser_Generator	made	perfect	null
lemon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Parser_Generator	made	perfect	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	isolated	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	whole	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sleek	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	lemon	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	perfect	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	perfect	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	extra	1
alias	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SCH-U740	appearance	first	null
alias	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SCH-U740	appearance	wrong	null
alias	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SCH-U740	appearance	wrong	null
alias	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SCH-U740	appearance	isolated	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	new	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	extra	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	extra	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	used	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	basic	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	easy	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	easy	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	only	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	real	1
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	easy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	easy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	used	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	fine	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	second	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	just fine	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	fine	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	second	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	just fine	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cautious	1
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	extra	1
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	different	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	different	1
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	1
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	viewable	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	vivid	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	clear	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	viewable	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp and vivid	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	clear	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	little	-1
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	hard	-1
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	a little hard	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	viewable	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sharp	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	vivid	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	clear	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	viewable	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sharp and vivid	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	clear	null
lemon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Parser_Generator	made	lemon	null
lemon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Parser_Generator	made	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	silver	null
operator	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operator_YAPO	operate	confused	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	confused	-1
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	wrong	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	favorite	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	faulty	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	-3
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	first	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	broken	null
shock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Shock	speed	absolute	null
shock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Shock	speed	made	null
season	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_2:_Seasons	finish	great	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	stable	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	old	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	stable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	stable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	standard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	old	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	stable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low priced	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	annoying	-1
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	very annoying	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	progressive	-2
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	good	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	pretty good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sure	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sure	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	disappointed	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	somewhat disappointed	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	wrong	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	wrong	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	left	-2
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	wrong	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	wrong	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	left	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	whole	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	broken	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	wrong	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	dissapointment worth	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	paid	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	old	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	old	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	different	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	just fine	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	good	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	long	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	long	null
pos	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSX-11	drivers	good	null
pos	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSX-11	drivers	long	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much better	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	awkward	-1
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	great	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	much	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	much nicer	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	very embarassing	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	consistent	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	consistent	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	attractive	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	small	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much nicer	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very embarassing	-2
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	great	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much nicer	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	very embarassing	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	inexpensive	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very inexpensive	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	impressed	-3
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	inexpensive	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
myriad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caltron_6_in_1	chinese name	willing	null
myriad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caltron_6_in_1	chinese name	sleek	null
myriad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caltron_6_in_1	chinese name	myriad	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	small	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	small	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excited	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	so excited	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	different	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	trusted	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	small	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	small	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	minor	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	otherwise minor	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	fixed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	best cheap	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wonderful	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	2
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	long	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	decent	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	cheap	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	decent	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	cheap	null
exchange	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Exchange_Server	price	new	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	false	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	yet false	null
false	http://dbpedia.org/resource/FALSE	semantic	false	null
false	http://dbpedia.org/resource/FALSE	semantic	false	null
false	http://dbpedia.org/resource/FALSE	semantic	yet false	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	false	-2
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	yet false	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	false	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	false	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	free	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	decent	2
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	original	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	solid	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	solid	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	special	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	several	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	impressed	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	bottom	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	easy	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	flexible	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	powerful	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	flexible and powerful	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	made	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	easy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	flexible	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	powerful	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	external	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	flexible and powerful	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	made	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	excellent	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	advanced	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	high	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	little	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	full	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	thrilled	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	able	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	great	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	amazing	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	easy	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	fast	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	good	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	any good	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	expert	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	amateur	null
joe	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RDS-1	movie	same	null
joe	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RDS-1	movie	wonderful	null
joe	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RDS-1	movie	average	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	first	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	great	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	loose	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	potential	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	so great	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	used	null
desire	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Desire	feel	high	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	great	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	great	null
dust	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust:_A_Tale_of_the_Wired_West	infrared	low	null
dust	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust:_A_Tale_of_the_Wired_West	infrared	light	null
pet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_PET	smell	restless	null
pet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_PET	smell	amusing	null
pet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_PET	smell	reasonable	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	relative	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	external	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	internal	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	harsh	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	flat	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	ugly	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	hot	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	harsh , flat	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	restless	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	amusing	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	reasonable	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	hot	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	external	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	external	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	long	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	bright	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	unsatisfactory	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	light	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	very long	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	proper	2
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	modern	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	satisfied	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	used	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	extreme	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	obtainable	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	raw	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	raw plug-in	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	neutral	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	available	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	first	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	available	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	ignored	2
extreme	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Dance_Revolution_Extreme	range	extreme	null
extreme	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Dance_Revolution_Extreme	range	obtainable	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	second	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	available	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	available	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	hot	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	contrary	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	second	2
miles	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Sound_System	white offset	raw	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	relative	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	internal	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	harsh	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	flat	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	ugly	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	hot	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	harsh , flat	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	close	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	subject	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	too close	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	subject	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	absolute	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	stunned	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	raw	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	professional	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	stunned	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	anything better	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	amazed	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	responsive	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	professional	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	highly responsive	2
move	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_Move	player	first	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	long	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	bright	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	unsatisfactory	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	light	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	very long	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	tremendous	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	manual	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	awesome	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	highly exposed	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	exposed	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	lit	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	mind-blowing	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	mind-blowing	null
picasa	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picasa	jpeg slideshow	easy	null
picasa	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picasa	jpeg slideshow	intuitive	null
picasa	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picasa	jpeg slideshow	more intuitive	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	vivid	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	neutral	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	low	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	off	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	vivid	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	low sharpening	null
incredible	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droid_Incredible	voice	raw	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	friendly	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	casual	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	little	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	small	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	raw	null
olympus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Olympus	semelled	solid	null
olympus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Olympus	semelled	very solid	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	main	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	easy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	limited	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	very limited	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	not very usefull	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	beautiful	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	last	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	absolutely beautiful	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	overlooked	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	nice	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	thought	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	great	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	easy	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp 5	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	new	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	disposable	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	gone	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	gone	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	disposable	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	disposable	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	same	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	same	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	gone	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	tried	null
olympus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Olympus	semelled	worried	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	stunning	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	excellent	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	other	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	stunning	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	better	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	stunning	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	sharp	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	excellent	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	other	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	stunning	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	better	null
iphoto	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPhoto	apple	simple	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	simple	-2
waste	http://dbpedia.org/resource/WASTE	dispose	raw	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	complete	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	more wasted	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	wasted	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	myriad	null
myriad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caltron_6_in_1	chinese name	myriad	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	other	-1
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	powerful	-1
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	expensive	-1
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	expensive	-1
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop_Elements	tiff format	good	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop_Elements	tiff format	excellent	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	small	-1
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	main	-1
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	lost	-1
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	first	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	used	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	horrible	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	horrible	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	big	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	null
wind	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSI_Wind_Netbook	speed	pleased	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	only	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	clean	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	compact	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	full	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	hard	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	long	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	extra	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	used	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	taken	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	other	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	certain	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	other	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	taken	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	lost	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	delicate	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	delicate	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	full	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	hard	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	long	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	extra	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	used	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	taken	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BvS_10	shipping	compact	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BvS_10	shipping	full	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BvS_10	shipping	hard	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BvS_10	shipping	long	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BvS_10	shipping	extra	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BvS_10	shipping	used	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BvS_10	shipping	taken	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	little	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	small	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	hard	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	accurate	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	very small	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	little	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	hot	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	null
general	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_&_Conquer:_Generals	assemble	stainless	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	sure	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	separate	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	same	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop_Elements	tiff format	same	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	serious	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	hot	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	sophisticated	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	wonderful	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	wonderful	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	used	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	good	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	sturdy	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	new	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	remarkable	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	attempted	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	internal	2
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	gray	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	hot	2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	external	2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	flat	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	annoying	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	good	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	made	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	available	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	compact	null
aps	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armorines:_Project_S.W.A.R.M.	nikon	same	null
aps	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armorines:_Project_S.W.A.R.M.	nikon	heavy	null
aps	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armorines:_Project_S.W.A.R.M.	nikon	solid	null
aps	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armorines:_Project_S.W.A.R.M.	nikon	not very solid	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	helpful	2
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	tough	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	flexible	2
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	very flexible	2
latitude	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Latitude	navigation	creative	null
latitude	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Latitude	navigation	excellent	null
latitude	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Latitude	navigation	creative	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	right	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	amateur	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	helpful	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	tough	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	same	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	heavy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	solid	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	not very solid	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	extended	null
olympus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Olympus	semelled	convinced	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	great	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	easy	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	single	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	user-friendly	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	beautiful	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	easy to use	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	very user-friendly	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/XUL	web	beautiful in it	null
olympus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Olympus	semelled	friendly	null
olympus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Olympus	semelled	other	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	compact	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	red	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	minor	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	sharp	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	high	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	sharp and high	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	other	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cracked	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	fast	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	manual	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	red	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	useless	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	flimsy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	useless	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	changed	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	vivid	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	high	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	vivid	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	clear	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	decently sized	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	excellent	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	surprisingly good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	excellent	3
desire	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Desire	feel	sharp	null
desire	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Desire	feel	vivid	null
desire	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Desire	feel	high	null
desire	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Desire	feel	vivid	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	excellent	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	outstanding	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	automatic	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	bad	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	all that bad	3
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	manual	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	center	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	white	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	white	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	other	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	more often sharper	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	better	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	glad	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	cracked	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	several	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	as good	null
beginning	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous:_The_Beginning	finding	impressed	null
beginning	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous:_The_Beginning	finding	shot	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	excellent	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	surprisingly good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	excellent	3
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	razor sharp	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	definable	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	common	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	external	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	quick	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	very quick	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	3
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	manual	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	center	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	white	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	white	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	other	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	more often sharper	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	better	1
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	low	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	clear	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	much	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	natural	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	clear better	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	natural but fewer	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	bad	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	all that bad	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	impressive	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	sharp	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	excellent	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	white	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	common	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	external	3
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	limitless	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	respectable	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	decent	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	last	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	able	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	daily	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	medium duty	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	clear	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	decently sized	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	perfect	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	purple	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	low	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	automatic	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	manual	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	lasting	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	better	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	more manual	1
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	new	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	blue	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	purple	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	useless	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black and blue	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	useless	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	cracked	3
beat	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Set_Radio	open	amazing	null
beat	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Set_Radio	open	beat	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	good	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	impressive	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	good	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	good	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	excellent	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	white	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	compact	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	minor	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	common	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	external	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	ordered	3
start-up	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-Up	starts up	limitless	3
start-up	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-Up	starts up	respectable	3
start-up	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-Up	starts up	decent	3
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	natural	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	natural	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	important	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	impressive	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	most important	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	very impressive	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	excellent	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	outstanding	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	new	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	black	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blue	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	purple	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	useless	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	black and blue	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	useless	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cracked	null
crystal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports	optic	clear	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	impressive	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	good	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	sharp	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	excellent	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	white	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	limited	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	very limited	3
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	cracked	3
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	sharp	2
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	razor sharp	2
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	other	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	compact	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	red	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	minor	3
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	only	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	nice	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	low	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	clear	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	much	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	natural	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	clear better	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	natural but fewer	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	pleased	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	blurry	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	one blurry	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	taken	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	limitless	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	respectable	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	decent	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	compact	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	red	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	minor	3
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_3ds_Max	lense cap	old	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_3ds_Max	lense cap	perfect	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_3ds_Max	lense cap	quick	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_3ds_Max	lense cap	just dont	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	sure	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	good	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	high	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	low	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	clear	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	much	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	natural	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	clear better	3
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	natural but fewer	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	low	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	clear	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	much	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	natural	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	clear better	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	natural but fewer	3
crystal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports	optic	clear	null
crystal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports	optic	decently sized	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	perfect	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	purple	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	low	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	automatic	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	manual	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	lasting	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	better	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	more manual	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	new	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	black	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	purple	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	useless	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	black and blue	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	useless	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	cracked	3
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	low	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	familiar	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	not familiar with	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	other	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	compact	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	essential	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	dark	1
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	black	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	limited	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	very limited	3
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	cracked	3
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	other	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	flat	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	flat	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	high	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp and high	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cracked	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	old	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	big	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	automatic	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	enough great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
bang	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Attack	hole	bottom	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	small	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	too small	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	quick	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	candid	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	quick	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	quick candid	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	as quick	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	shot	1
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	3
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	perfect	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	purple	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	low	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	automatic	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	manual	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	lasting	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	better	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	more manual	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	ordered	3
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	sharp	1
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	razor sharp	1
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	simple	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	too much	null
aps	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Phytopathological_Society	nikon	same	null
aps	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Phytopathological_Society	nikon	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	same	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	out of luck	-2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	hot	-2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	available	-2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	functional	-2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	functional	-2
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	manual	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	white	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	red	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	bright	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	automatic	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	automatic	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	manual	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	white	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	bright	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	automatic	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	automatic	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	manual	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	white	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	red	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	bright	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	automatic	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	automatic	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	extra	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	automatic	1
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	automatic or off	1
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	little	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	whole	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	a little larger	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	wonderful	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	new	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	last	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	compatible	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	wonderful	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	compatible with xp	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	wonderful	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	wonderful in 98	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	forced	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Reader	read	wonderful	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Reader	read	new	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Reader	read	last	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Reader	read	compatible	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Reader	read	wonderful	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Reader	read	compatible with xp	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	weak	-2
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	very weak	-2
start-up	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-Up	starts up	little	null
start-up	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-Up	starts up	noisy	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	lit	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	great	2
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	great	2
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	last	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	last	null
panorama	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Tools	panorama setting	cool	null
panorama	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Tools	panorama setting	very cool	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	first	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	last	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	first	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	little	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	sharp	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	perfect	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	great	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	razor sharp	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	perfect	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	great	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	taken	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	moved	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	sharp	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	perfect	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	great	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	razor sharp	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	perfect	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	great	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	long	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	very long	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	great	2
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	personal	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	instant	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	as easy	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	easy	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	instant	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	as easy	null
king	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_&_Bass	housing	big	null
king	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_&_Bass	housing	exquisite	null
king	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_&_Bass	housing	fine	null
king	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_&_Bass	housing	critical	null
king	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_&_Bass	housing	critical	null
rendition	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holomatix_Rendition	performance	big	null
rendition	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holomatix_Rendition	performance	exquisite	null
rendition	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holomatix_Rendition	performance	fine	null
rendition	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holomatix_Rendition	performance	critical	null
rendition	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holomatix_Rendition	performance	critical	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	manual	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	white	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	manual	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	automatic	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	true	null
focus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Focus	focus	better	null
panorama	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Tools	panorama setting	wonderful	null
panorama	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Tools	panorama setting	wonderful	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	possible	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	waterproof	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	manual	null
near	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NearGlobal	images	near	null
tft	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft_III:_The_Frozen_Throne	tft	small	null
tft	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft_III:_The_Frozen_Throne	tft	clear	null
tft	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft_III:_The_Frozen_Throne	tft	small	null
tft	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft_III:_The_Frozen_Throne	tft	very clear	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	small	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	clear	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	small	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	very clear	null
show	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLB_08:_The_Show	home network	complicated	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	little	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	perfect	null
gem	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RubyGems	color and light	little	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	given	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	first	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	other	null
impression	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoImpression	player	first	null
impression	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoImpression	player	other	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	dark	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	able	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	sure	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	extra	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	compact	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	happy	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	other	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	most stylish	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	short	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	infinitely better	3
persona	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations:_Persona	usability	worth	null
persona	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations:_Persona	usability	articulated	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	infinitely better	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	worth	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	articulated	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	worth	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	articulated	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	decent	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excellent	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	surprising	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	quickly revised	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	better than ipod	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	revised	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	known	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	important	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	important	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	other	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	new	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	new	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	hard	-2
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	easy	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	very easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sexy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	cool	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	same	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	new	3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	great	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sexy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cool	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	same	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	normal	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	great	3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	great	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	sleek	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	trendy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	previous	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	early	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	early	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sweet	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	pretty sweet	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	3
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	early	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	nice	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	functional	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	super	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	smooth	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	it functional	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	smooth	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	trendy	3
equalizer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAU-12_Equalizer	equalizer	sound	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	previous	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	trendy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	happy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sleek	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	stylish	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	nice	null
winamp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winamp	id3	sound	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	trendy	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	slow	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	difficult	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	sold	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	satisfied	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sooooo much	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	readable	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	last	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	intense	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	pretty intense	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	last	3
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	standard	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excellent	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	different	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	whole	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	original	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	portable	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	better	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	personal	3
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	whole	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	innovative	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	fairly innovative	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	reasonably priced	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	whole	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	original	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	whole	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	original	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	whole	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	innovative	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	fairly innovative	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	reasonably priced	3
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	whole	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	original	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	commercial	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	commercial	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	excellent	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	different	3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	portable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	worth	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	worth it	null
glove	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Glove	leather case	little	null
glove	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Glove	leather case	easy	null
glove	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Glove	leather case	great	null
glove	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Glove	leather case	a little easy	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	versatile	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	quirky	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	a little quirky	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	same	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	normal	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	more sound	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	portable	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	great	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	3
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	different	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	big	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	same	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sure	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	same	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sure	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	foreign	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	actual	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	actual	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	easy	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	pretty easy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	slow	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	okay	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	a bit slow	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	okay	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	dandy	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	just dandy	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	heavy	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	heavy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	eclectic	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	great	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	unbeatable	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	sound	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	excellent	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	fussy	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	cool	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	bright	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	easy	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	replaceable	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	major	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	excellent	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	cool	null
shuffle	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Shuffle	shuffle	eclectic	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sound	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	excellent	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	fussy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cool	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	replaceable	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	major	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	excellent	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cool	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	sound	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	excellent	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	fussy	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	cool	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	bright	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	easy	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	replaceable	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	major	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	excellent	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	cool	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	sure	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	sure	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	basic	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	basic	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	same	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	little	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	concerned	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	a little concerned	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	incredibly overpriced	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	easy	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	much	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	good	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	beautiful	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	good	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	fast	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	new	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	good	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	read	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	damaged	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	black	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a little concerned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	incredibly overpriced	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	little	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	concerned	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	black	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	a little concerned	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	incredibly overpriced	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	easy	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	beautiful	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	blue	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	fast	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	new	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	read	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	damaged	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	much	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	beautiful	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blue	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	fast	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	new	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	read	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	damaged	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	easy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	much	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	beautiful	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	blue	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	fast	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	new	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	read	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	damaged	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	beautiful	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	blue	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fast	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	read	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	damaged	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	1
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	pleased	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	received	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	received	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	big	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	neat	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	past	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	original	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	same	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	little	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	big	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	original	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	perfect	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	perfect	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	received	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much better	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large and bright	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	happy	1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	1
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	free	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sound	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	superior	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	equally superior	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	same	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	actual	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	fantastic	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	fantastic	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	fantastic	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	fantastic	2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	same	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	actual	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	particular	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	fast	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	fast and easy	2
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	much easier	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	same	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	actual	2
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOCA_Race_Driver_3	drivers	creative	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOCA_Race_Driver_3	drivers	fixed	null
orchestra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OW2_Orchestra	music	dead	null
orchestra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OW2_Orchestra	music	good	null
orchestra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OW2_Orchestra	music	that good	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	particular	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	fast	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	easy	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	fast and easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	uncomplicated	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy and uncomplicated	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	high	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy to read	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	much easier	2
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	much easier	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	easy	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	uncomplicated	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	easy and uncomplicated	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	great	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	large	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	easy	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	readable	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	cheap	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	uncomfortable	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	uncomfortable to use	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	nice	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	somewhat bigger	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	awful	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	awful	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	tried	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	set	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	red	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	great	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	creative	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	creative	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	sound	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	portable	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	awful	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	awful	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	tried	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	set	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	little	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	classical	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacBook_Air	carrier	little	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacBook_Air	carrier	classical	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	past	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	past	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	particular	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	corrupt	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	just corrupt	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	classical	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	particular	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	short	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	turned	null
exchange	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Exchange_Server	price	particular	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	thought	null
rush	http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Rush	reception	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very good	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	superior	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	decent	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	decent	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	replaceable	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	small	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	main	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	rugged	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	rugged	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	replaceable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	fragile	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
fragile	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Dreams:_Farewell_Ruins_of_the_Moon	durability	replaceable	null
fragile	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Dreams:_Farewell_Ruins_of_the_Moon	durability	fragile	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	high	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	fine	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	fine	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	compatible	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	hard	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	high	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fine	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fine	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	compatible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	rugged	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	rugged	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	replaceable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fragile	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	much	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	3 format	-2
equalizer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAU-12_Equalizer	equalizer	able	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	much	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	made	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	important	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	important	null
tricky	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSX_Tricky	video recorders	tricky	null
tricky	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSX_Tricky	video recorders	a bit tricky	null
tricky	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSX_Tricky	video recorders	used	null
pig	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humber_Pig	smell	lonely	null
pig	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humber_Pig	smell	capitalist	null
pig	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humber_Pig	smell	really lonely	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	required	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	nomad	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	supported	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	bottom	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	much	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bottom	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	great	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	other	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	great	null
progress	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenEdge_Advanced_Business_Language	progressive scan	bottom	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	little	null
buzz	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeskola_Buzz	voice	stylish	null
buzz	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeskola_Buzz	voice	little	null
buzz	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeskola_Buzz	voice	stylish	null
extreme	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Paintbrawl	range	violent	null
extreme	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Paintbrawl	range	extreme	null
extreme	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Paintbrawl	range	violent or extreme	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	little	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	innovative	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	only	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	innovative	null
pod	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Death	pod	stylish	null
pod	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Death	pod	little	null
pod	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Death	pod	stylish	null
pod	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Death	pod	viable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	violent	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	extreme	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	violent or extreme	3
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	only	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	possible	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	possible to	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	only	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	ugly	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	big	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	heavy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	hard	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	ugly	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	heavy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	used	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	live	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cheap	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	hard	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	annoying	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	hard	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	small	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	half	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cheap	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	an already annoying	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	too small	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	lit	-3
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	cheap	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	hard	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	annoying	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	great	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	hard	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	small	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	half	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	cheap	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	an already annoying	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	too small	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	lit	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	cheap	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	annoying	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	small	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	half	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	cheap	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	an already annoying	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	too small	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	lit	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	clear	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blue	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	ideal	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	quick	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	quick and easy	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	large	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	easy	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	cool	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	large	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	easy to read	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	naturally cool	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	defined	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cool	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy to read	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	naturally cool	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	defined	2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	very good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	hurt	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	good	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	very good	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	hurt	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hurt	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fantastic	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fantastic	2
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	good	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	very good	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	hurt	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	real	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	little	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	readable	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	a little smaller	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	very readable	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	other	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	silver	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	liked	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	silver	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	liked	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	small	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	great	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	expensive	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	small	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	great	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	same	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	much	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	mighty	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	little	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	readable	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	a little smaller	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	very readable	-1
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	same	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	much	null
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	detectable	2
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	unusable	2
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	nice	2
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	high	2
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	detectable , useful	2
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	better	2
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	nice and high	2
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	noted	2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	willing	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	personal	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	large	null
cubic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_IDE	stable	great	null
cubic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_IDE	stable	sound	null
cubic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_IDE	stable	willing	null
cubic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_IDE	stable	personal	null
cubic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_IDE	stable	large	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	previous	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blue	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	green	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	previous	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	bright	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	blue	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	green	null
equalizer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAU-12_Equalizer	equalizer	big	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	detectable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	unusable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	nice	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	high	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	detectable , useful	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	better	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	nice and high	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	noted	null
booklet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Booklet_3G	instruction booklet	separate	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	good	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	loud	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	portable	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	very good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	new	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	good	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	loud	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	very good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cool	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	decent	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	true	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	decent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much easier	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	thin	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	removable	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	removable	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	hard	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	much	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	much easier	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	instant	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	second	-2
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	excellent	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	good	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	pretty good	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	much	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	much nicer	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	cheap	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	hard	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	made	-2
walkman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkman	headphones	rid	null
walkman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkman	headphones	rid	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	true	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
walkman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkman	headphones	easy	null
walkman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkman	headphones	fast	null
walkman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkman	headphones	regular	null
walkman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkman	headphones	as easy	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	hard	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	true	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	long	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	common	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	several	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	too long	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	common	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	willing	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	superior	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	sound	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	low	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	decent	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	true	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	decent	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	thin	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	removable	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	removable	-2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	single	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	made	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	instant	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	second	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	hard	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	sure	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	sure	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	thin	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	removable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	removable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	useless	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	pretty useless	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	entire	-2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	much	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	much nicer	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	excellent	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	delicate	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	actual	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very delicate	null
navigator	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packard_Bell_Navigator	navigation	preferred	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	willing	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	superior	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	willing	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	superior	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sound	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	low	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	instant	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	delicate	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	actual	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	hard	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	very delicate	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	portable	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	hard	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	other	-2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	portable	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	hard	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	true	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	useless	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	pretty useless	-2
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	cheap	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	hard	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	made	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	entire	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	much	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	loud	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	hard	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	as much	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	very loud	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	simple	3
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	easy	3
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	simple	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	able	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	special	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cumbersome	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	simple	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	easy	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	large	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	basic	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	very easy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC	program	easy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC	program	very easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	ok	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	decided	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	friendly	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very user friendly	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	made	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	last	2
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	made	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	perfect	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	right	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	perfect for me	2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fast	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	great	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fast	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	great	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	easy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	hard	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	so easy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	simple	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	very simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fast	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fast	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	2
shuffle	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Shuffle	shuffle	made	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	so easy	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	better	2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fast	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fast	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	different	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	convinced	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	better	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	different	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	convinced	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	better	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	made	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	simple	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very simple	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	different	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	convinced	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	sound	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	superior	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	same	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	limited	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	limited 5	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bottom	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	regular	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	unable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	unable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	superior	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	bottom	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	regular	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	portable	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	regular	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	unable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	sound	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	simple	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	unable	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	loaded	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	minor	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excited	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	a better	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	cool	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	cool too	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a better	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	big	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	much better	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	favorite	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	same	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	same	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	only	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blue	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	dim	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blind	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	very easy	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	dim enough	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blind you	2
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	high	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	other	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	marked	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	only	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	great	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	easy	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	bright	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	dim	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blind	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	very easy	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	dim enough	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blind you	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	easy	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	easy	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	same	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	simple	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a great	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	3
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	great	-2
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	open	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excellent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	average	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	satisfactory	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	responsive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fluid and responsive	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	fine	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	intuitive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	horrible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	pretty good	null
rockbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockbox	firmware	fine	null
rockbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockbox	firmware	top	null
rockbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockbox	firmware	intuitive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fine	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	top	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	intuitive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	horrible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hellishly horrible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	average	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	satisfactory	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	responsive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fluid and responsive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	mediocre	null
rockbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockbox	firmware	great	null
rockbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockbox	firmware	open	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office	service	interested	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office	service	new	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office	service	hard	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	interested	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	new	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	hard	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	happy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	interested	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	attractive	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	attractive	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	loaded	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	happy	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	accurate	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	odd	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	odd	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	set	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	accomplished	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	same	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	second	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	first	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	second	null
classic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Environment	music	classic	null
classic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Environment	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	troublesome	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	classical	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	loaded	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	happy	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	other	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	unlisted	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	attractive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	attractive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	loaded	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	short	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	fairly short	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	classic	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	other	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	impressive	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	very impressive	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	paid	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	other	3
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	somewhat time-consuming	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	set	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	loaded	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	tagged	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	troublesome	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	different	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	same	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	different	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	somewhat more	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	impressive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very impressive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	paid	null
classic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Environment	music	troublesome	null
classic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Environment	music	classical	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	creative	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	open	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	outstanding	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	cumbersome	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	hard	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	beautiful	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	functional	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	less functional	2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	much	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	better	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	easy	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win4Lin	finish	creative	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win4Lin	finish	open	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	open	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	first	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	beautiful	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	functional	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	less functional	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	open	2
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	famous	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	famous for	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	outstanding	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cumbersome	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	temporary	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	famous	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	famous for	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	outstanding	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	cumbersome	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	hard	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	beautiful	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	functional	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	less functional	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	outstanding	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	cumbersome	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	creative	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	creative	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win4Lin	finish	little	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win4Lin	finish	cranky	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win4Lin	finish	a little cranky	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win4Lin	finish	much more	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	gone	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	only	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sexy	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	awful	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	large	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	loaded	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	similar	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	1 gb	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	expensive	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	light	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	more expensive	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	basic	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	run-down	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	hard	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	prone	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	liked	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	given	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	weird	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	last	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	hard	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	run-down	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	great	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	light	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small and light	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	good	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	big	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	blue	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	perfect	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	fast	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	easy	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	great	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	different	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	really big	null
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	perfect	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	big	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	blue	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	perfect	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fast	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	different	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	really big	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	perfect	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	big	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	blue	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	perfect	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	fast	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	different	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	really big	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	perfect	3
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	good	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	big	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	perfect	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	fast	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	easy	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	great	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	different	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	really big	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	perfect	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	serious	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	little	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	other	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	light	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	serious	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	still light	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	used	null
fall	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall:_Last_Days_of_Gaia	reception	destroyed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	rechargeable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	inferior	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	clunky	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	second	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	flat	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	sound	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	superior	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	sub	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	vastly superior	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	used	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	old	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	electric	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	same	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	first	null
razor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion	edges	2 year old	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	inferior	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	clunky	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	second	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	flat	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	sound	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	superior	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	sub	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	vastly superior	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	inferior	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	clunky	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	second	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	flat	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sound	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	superior	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sub	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	vastly superior	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	inferior	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	clunky	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	second	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	flat	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	sound	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	superior	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	sub	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	vastly superior	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	inferior	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	clunky	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	flat	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	superior	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sub	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	vastly superior	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	final	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	terrible	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	difficult	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	more difficult	2
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	terrible	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	identical	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	live	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	inordinate	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	terrible	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	removable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	protective	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	useless	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	useless	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	good	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	compatible	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	several	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	certain	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	only	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	compatible	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	right	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	compatible	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	used	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	only	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	identical	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	same	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	good	-2
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	good	-2
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	portable	-2
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	just as good	-2
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	just as good	-2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	portable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	just as good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	just as good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	comfortable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	better	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	comfortable	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	live	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	live and compilation	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	rejected	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	actual	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	actual	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	just as good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	just as good	2
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	good	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	free	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	available	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	available to me	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	identical	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	same	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	good	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	good	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	just as good	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	just as good	null
train	http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Train	service	cool	null
train	http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Train	service	creative	null
train	http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Train	service	extraneous	null
train	http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Train	service	pretty cool	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	large	2
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	great	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	past	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	wonderful	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	wonderful	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	cross	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	terrific	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy to remove	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sure	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	extended	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	only	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	real	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	nomad	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	incredibly easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	only	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	real	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	disappointed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	new	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	nomad	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	different	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	different	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	creative	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	unlike	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	incredibly easy	null
equalizer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAU-12_Equalizer	equalizer	satisfied	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	different	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	different	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	disappointed	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	new	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	opened	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	static	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	correct	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	correct	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	developed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	-3
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	entire	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	portable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	same	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	big	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	potential	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wary	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wary of	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	same	-3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	zen good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	audible	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	static	-3
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	static	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	audible	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	slightly audible	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	correct	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	uncluttered	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	convenient	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	ok	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	extra	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	paid	null
progress	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenEdge_Advanced_Business_Language	progressive scan	audible	null
progress	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenEdge_Advanced_Business_Language	progressive scan	slightly audible	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	only	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	happy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	given	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	convenient	null
moon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon:_Remix_RPG_Adventure	explorer	full	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	creative	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	ok	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	ok	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	audible	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	slightly audible	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	basic	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	entire	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	portable	null
winamp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winamp	id3	creative	null
winamp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winamp	id3	creative	null
winamp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winamp	id3	other	null
winamp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winamp	id3	used	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	basic	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	entire	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	annoying	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	continuous	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	continuous	-3
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	creative	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	creative	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	other	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	used	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	much	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	cute	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	static	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	unlucky	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	documented	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver:_San_Francisco	drivers	only	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver:_San_Francisco	drivers	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	tragic	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	convenient	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	tragic	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	convenient	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	audible	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	slightly audible	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	annoying	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	continuous	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	continuous	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	good	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	correct	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	uncluttered	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	creative	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	ok	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	used	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	creative	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	ok	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	developed	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	other	2
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	creative	-2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	confused	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	whole	-2
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	long	-2
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	long	-2
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	confused	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	confused	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	much	-2
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	bottom	-2
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	much	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	bottom	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	good	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	easy	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	sound	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	good	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	great	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	good	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	easy	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	good	2
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	great	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sound	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	intuitive	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	intuitive	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	much	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	disappointed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	disappointed	null
vice	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VICE	assemble	easy	null
vice	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VICE	assemble	easy	null
vice	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VICE	assemble	easy	null
vice	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VICE	assemble	easy too	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	happy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy too	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	noticeable	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	loose	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	come	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	long	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	portable	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	hard	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	expensive	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	sound	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	frustrating	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	40 gb portable	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	very expensive	-3
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	equally frustrating	-3
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	long	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	hard	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	expensive	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	sound	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	frustrating	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	40 gb portable	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	very expensive	2
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	equally frustrating	2
hell	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_A_Cyberpunk_Thriller	band	other	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	wrong	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	wrong	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	first	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	mad	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	crummy	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	mad	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	given	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	long	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	portable	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	hard	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	expensive	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	sound	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	frustrating	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	40 gb portable	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	very expensive	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	equally frustrating	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	$ 300	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	first	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	mad	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	crummy	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	mad	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	given	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	satisfactory	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	satisfactory	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	infuriating	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	infuriating	-2
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	frustrating	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	more frustrating	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	-2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	automatic	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	fairly automatic	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	satisfactory	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	satisfactory	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	flawed	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	flawed	-2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	main	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	positive	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	pretty good	-2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	infuriating	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	infuriating	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	damned	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	new	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sleek	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	effective	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	nice	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	musical	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	unspecified	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	large	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	external	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	standard	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	worth	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	deficient	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	worth	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	big	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	entire	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	standard	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	worth	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	deficient	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	worth	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	incorrect	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	missing or incorrect	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	other	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	big	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	entire	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	small	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	specified	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	flip	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	immaterial	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	specified	2
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	standard	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	worth	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	deficient	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	worth	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sleek	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	effective	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	unnecessary	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	external	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	primary	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	required	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	2
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	due	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	favorite	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	favorite	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	required	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	used	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	external	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	primary	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	extended	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
max	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Stage_Max	lense cap	loud	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unnecessary	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	chic	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	compact	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	flip	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	immaterial	2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	used	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	closed	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	great	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	replaceable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	powerful	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	intuitive	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	easy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	large	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	small	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	intuitive to use	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	large or small	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	required	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	external	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	primary	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	chic	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	good	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	compact	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	specified	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	closed	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	creative	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	sleek	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	effective	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	great	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	replaceable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	powerful	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	nice	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	musical	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	cheap	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	creative	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	great	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	cost effective	cheap	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	able	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	liked	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	intuitive	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	large	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	intuitive to use	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	large or small	2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	standard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	worth	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	deficient	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	worth	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	chic	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	compact	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	protective	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	continued	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	only	null
shuffle	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Shuffle	shuffle	keen	2
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	treated	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	annoyed	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	recognized	-3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	minor	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unavailable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unavailable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	minor	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	unavailable	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	unavailable	2
cube	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Mac_G4_Cube	edges	classical	null
cube	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Mac_G4_Cube	edges	able	null
ice	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Research_Image_Composite_Editor	freezes	classical	null
ice	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Research_Image_Composite_Editor	freezes	able	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	so easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	filled	null
crystal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports	optic	clear	null
musicmatch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	musicmatch software	previous	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unknown	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	previous	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	previous	null
slayer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Dungeons_&_Dragons:_Slayer	band	classical	null
slayer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Dungeons_&_Dragons:_Slayer	band	able	null
impression	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoImpression	player	first	null
impression	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoImpression	player	positive	null
impression	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoImpression	player	positive	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	closed	null
general	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_&_Conquer:_Generals	assemble	friendly	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	removable	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	manual	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	available	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	off-line	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	expensive	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy to navigate	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	manual available	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	off-line	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	removable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	manual	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	available	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	nomad	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	off-line	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	expensive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	easy to navigate	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	manual available	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	off-line	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	used	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	easy	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	removable	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	manual	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	available	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	nomad	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	off-line	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	expensive	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	easy to navigate	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	manual available	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	off-line	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	used	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	nomad	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	little	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	resistant	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	a little sturdier	null
shock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Shock	speed	nomad	null
shock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Shock	speed	little	null
shock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Shock	speed	resistant	null
shock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Shock	speed	a little sturdier	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	removable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	manual	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	available	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nomad	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	off-line	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	expensive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy to navigate	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	manual available	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	off-line	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	infamous	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	similar	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	nomad	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	several	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	nomad	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	resistant	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	a little sturdier	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	several	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	easy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	removable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	manual	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	available	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	nomad	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	off-line	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	expensive	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	easy to navigate	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	manual available	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	off-line	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	used	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	little	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	resistant	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	a little sturdier	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	likely	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	likely	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	sold	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	likely	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	likely	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	sold	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard to beat	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	detachable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	poor	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	consistent	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	reasonably consistent	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	poor	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	poor	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	limited	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sturdy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sound	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	prone	-2
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	main	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	creative	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	perfect	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	perfect	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	creative	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	near	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	good	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	easy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	ruggedly constructed	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	hard	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	off	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	white	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	separated	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	good	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	sound	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	creative	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	poor	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	consistent	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	reasonably consistent	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	hard	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	informed	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	more informed	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	sensitive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	main	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	perfect	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	perfect	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	difficult	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	creative	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	poor	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	consistent	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	reasonably consistent	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	veteran	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	happy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	worthwhile	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	happy with that	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap , worthwhile	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	similar	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	free	2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	similar	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	free	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	short	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	short	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	really bad	2
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	2
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	hard	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	certain	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	major	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	most major	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	minor	-1
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	entire	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	loaded	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very bad	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad and good	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	read	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fast	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	really fast	-1
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	big	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	not lazy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	big	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	annoying	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very big	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	annoying	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	ordered	-1
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	complete	-1
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	awesome	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	awesome	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fast	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	really fast	3
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	good	1
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	still havent	1
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	good	1
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	used	1
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	possible	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	easy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	far better	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	entire	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	possible	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	nomad	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	easy	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	far better	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	big	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	entire	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	white	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	flashy	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	terribly flashy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	crazy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	possible	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	nomad	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	far better	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	short	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	flimsy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	extended	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	fixed	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sound	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	removable	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	previous	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	recognized	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	3
monster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landkreuzer_P._1500_Monster	voice	able	null
monster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landkreuzer_P._1500_Monster	voice	great	null
monster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landkreuzer_P._1500_Monster	voice	still less	null
monster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landkreuzer_P._1500_Monster	voice	great	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excellent	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	comparable	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	comparable to	3
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	terrific	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	portable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	much	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	superior	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	grand	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	better	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	busy	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	busy	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	perfect	-3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	lousy	-3
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Driver:_Grid	drivers	good	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Driver:_Grid	drivers	other	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Driver:_Grid	drivers	sound	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Driver:_Grid	drivers	dumb	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Driver:_Grid	drivers	good	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Driver:_Grid	drivers	very dumb	null
ion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia_Ion	charge	new	null
ion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia_Ion	charge	paltry	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	other	null
ion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia_Ion	charge	rechargeable	null
ion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia_Ion	charge	good	null
ion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia_Ion	charge	good for 300	null
ion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia_Ion	charge	so battery	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	replaceable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	replaceable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	prompt	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	arrogant	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	new	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	paltry	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	simple	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	red	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	simple	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	same	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	horrible	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	horrible	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	3
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	awesome	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	awesome	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	given	3
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	other	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	frozen	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	corrupt	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	much	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	terrific	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	so much	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	terrific	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	thrilled	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	large	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	large	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	major	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	disappointed	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	depressed	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	impossible	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	very hard	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	other	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	taken	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	undone	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	other	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	taken	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	undone	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	used	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	responsible	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	creative	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	creative	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	likely	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	terrific	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	so much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	terrific	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	great	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	original	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	major	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	original	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	best	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	great	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	regular	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	new	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	regular	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	second	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	much easier	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	bothered	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	excellent	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	used	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	exceptional	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	great	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	great	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	special	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	ordinary	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	best	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	main	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	main	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	original	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	extra	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	made	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	economical	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	plastic	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	special	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	very economical	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	used	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	great	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	really great	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	sensitive	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	scented	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	full	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	unpleasant	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	scented	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	really sensitive	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	rather unpleasant	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	inexpensive	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	far better	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	fairly inexpensive	null
diet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIET	range	bad	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	new	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	used	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	dirty	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	past	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	happy	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	easy	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	free	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	difficult	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	vital	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	little	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	quick	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	easy	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	smell free	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	absolutly vital	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	easy	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	free	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	difficult	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	vital	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	little	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	quick	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	easy	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	smell free	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	absolutly vital	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	fine	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	fine	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	prepared	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	special	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	flip	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	ruined	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	sure	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	100 % sure	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	dirty	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	used	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	sure	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	stated	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	hard	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	difficult	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	easy	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	terribly difficult	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	too easy	null
cocoon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Cocoon	stream	neat	null
cocoon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Cocoon	stream	little	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	thankful	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	regular	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	frustrating	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	messy	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	last	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	full	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	frustrating and messy	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	full	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	faint	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	special	null
diet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIET	range	other	null
diet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIET	range	effective	null
diet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIET	range	solid	null
diet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIET	range	older	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	difficult	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sharp	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	dirty	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	difficult	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	dirty	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	unsanitary	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	so unsanitary	null
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	convenient	-2
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	more convenient	-2
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	only	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	top	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	dirty	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	liked	null
nook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_&_Noble_Nook	room	easy	null
nook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_&_Noble_Nook	room	little	null
nook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_&_Noble_Nook	room	easy to assemble	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	happy	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	happy	null
seal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Online	seal	stinky	-2
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	glad	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	glad i did	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	old	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	new	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	2 years old	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	simple	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	simple	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	great	2
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	great	2
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	plastic	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	regular	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Backup_Manager	voice	regular	null
genie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIR-2_Genie	voice	regular	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	major	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	messy	null
mess	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Emulator_Super_System	reception	very messy	null
show	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLB_08:_The_Show	home network	impressed	null
viper	http://dbpedia.org/resource/FGR-17_Viper	drivers	disappointing	null
viper	http://dbpedia.org/resource/FGR-17_Viper	drivers	most disappointing	null
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	other	null
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	large	null
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	famous	null
grizzly	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1_Abrams	games	grizzly	null
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	soft	null
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	easy	null
reach	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Reach	open	right	null
spring	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Framework	spring	stiff	-1
saw	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_II:_Flesh_&_Blood	drivers	other	null
saw	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_II:_Flesh_&_Blood	drivers	large	null
saw	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_II:_Flesh_&_Blood	drivers	famous	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	great	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	set	null
saw	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_II:_Flesh_&_Blood	drivers	noted	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	first	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	professional	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	reliable	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	reliable	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	reliable	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	reliable	null
torque	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Torque	wheel	little	null
torque	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Torque	wheel	used	null
chuck	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChucK	band	hard	null
chuck	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChucK	band	good	null
universal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Universal	work	quiet	null
universal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Universal	work	variable	null
universal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Universal	work	great	null
universal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Universal	work	great	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	sure	3
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	dual	2
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	single	2
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	cheap	2
rails	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_on_Rails	operating system	first	null
rails	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_on_Rails	operating system	used	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	fond	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	green	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	fond	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	green	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	used	null
maple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapleStory	adustment knob	smooth	null
rail	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_on_Rails	operating system	true	null
rail	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_on_Rails	operating system	forgiving	null
kit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTML-Kit	bass	very popular	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	absolute	null
maple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapleStory	adustment knob	straight	null
maple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapleStory	adustment knob	hard	null
maple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapleStory	adustment knob	deep	null
maple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapleStory	adustment knob	amazed	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	different	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	1 1	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	adjustable	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	nice	1
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	very nice	1
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	1
tilt	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_TyTN_II	speed	top	null
tilt	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_TyTN_II	speed	easy	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	good	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	nice	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	easy	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	nice	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	powerful	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	great	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	soft	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	variable	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	nice	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	much	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	easy	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	awkward	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	much	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	bottom	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	great	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	not so nice	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	highly recommended	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	best	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	used	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	nice	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	powerful	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	great	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	soft	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	variable	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	nice	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	much	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	easy	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	awkward	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	much	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	great	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	not so nice	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	highly recommended	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	best	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	used	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	big	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	left	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	left	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	right	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	back	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	straight	null
tank	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNK_III	mms	nimble	null
tank	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNK_III	mms	used	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	used	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	great	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	green	null
green	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunstar_Heroes	color and light	elated	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	easy	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	accurate	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	easy to install	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	accurate	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacBook_Air	carrier	fair	null
air	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacBook_Air	carrier	used	null
fit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Fit	fit	better	-1
dust	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust:_A_Tale_of_the_Wired_West	infrared	only	null
dust	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust:_A_Tale_of_the_Wired_West	infrared	due	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	other	3
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	excellent	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy to scratch	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	out of luck	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a bit better	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	easy	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	creative	null
gadget	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadget:_Invention,_Travel,_&_Adventure	mobile reception	other	null
gadget	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadget:_Invention,_Travel,_&_Adventure	mobile reception	much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	only	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	technical	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative and iriver	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	first	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	first	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Engine	web	prone	null
chrome	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Engine	web	prone to scratches	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	several	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	prone	null
surface	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface	depths	prone to scratches	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	long	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	live	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	fine	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	early	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ableton_Live	band	long	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ableton_Live	band	live	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	new	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	new	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	elegant	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	ordered	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy to read	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	cool	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	cool	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	long	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	live	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	pretty niceley	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	little	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	inevitable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	small	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	closed	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	new	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	portable	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	anxious	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	expensive	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	as expensive	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	fulfilled	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	new	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	anxious	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	little	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	anxious	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	flat	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	full	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	full	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	specified	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	good	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	other	null
temp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RT-21_Temp_2S	work	simple	null
temp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RT-21_Temp_2S	work	high	null
temp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RT-21_Temp_2S	work	noted	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	simple	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	high	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	noted	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	clean	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	wide	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	dynamic	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	loud	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	full	null
blast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST	band	very loud	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	first	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	long	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	wanted	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sound	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	excellent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	excellent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	thought	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	nifty	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	only	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	delicate	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	rather delicate	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	first	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	first	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	whole	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	whole	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	only	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	whole	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	only	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	excellent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	intuitive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	excellent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	intuitive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	first	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	stand-alone	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	portable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	marginal	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	marginal	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	first	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	stand-alone	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	high	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	whole	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	hard	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	right	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	wrong	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	down right wrong	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	nice	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	unlimited	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	stand-alone	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	high	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	whole	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	nice	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	nice	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	simple	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	relatively simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	favorite	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	rid	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	interested	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	pleased	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	extremely pleased	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	i	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	confusing	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	sure	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	confusing	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	reliable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	much worse	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	durable and reliable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	hard	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	handy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	actual	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	different	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	handy	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wonderful	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wonderful	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great about this	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	major	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	other	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	interested	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	notorious	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	poor	null
rip-off	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip-Off	rip	personal	null
rip-off	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip-Off	rip	personal	null
rip-off	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip-Off	rip	sleek	null
rip-off	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip-Off	rip	easy	null
rip-off	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip-Off	rip	very easy	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	only	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	whole	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	faulty	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	logical	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	right	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	left or right	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	reliable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much worse	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	durable and reliable	null
beast	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Beast	heavy	flawless	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	other	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	new	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	able	null
composer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Composer	music	handy	null
composer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Composer	music	actual	null
composer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Composer	music	different	null
composer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Composer	music	handy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	flawless	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	totally flawless	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	notorious	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	poor	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	new	null
booklet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Booklet_3G	instruction booklet	obvious	null
booklet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Booklet_3G	instruction booklet	obvious	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	expensive	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	extra	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	much more expensive	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	first	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	new	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	external	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	actual	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	able	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	hard	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	new	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	set	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	exploited	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	only	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	paid	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	personal	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	personal	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	sleek	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	easy	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	very easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	first	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	paid	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	great	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	easy	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	great	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	little	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	much	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	perfect	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	pretty much perfect	null
agent	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort%C3%A9_Agent	customer service agents	great	null
agent	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort%C3%A9_Agent	customer service agents	free	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	little	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	clunky	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	functional	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	a little clunky	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	functional	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	round	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	major	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much easier	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	major	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	round	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	red	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	new	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	riddled	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	relatively new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	interchangeable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	aware	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	interchangeable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	plastic	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	white	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	yellow	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	white	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	yellow	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	made	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	certain	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	pure	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	simple	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	wonderful	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	pure and simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	gaudy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap and gaudy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	exposed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	actual	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	significant	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	attractive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	more attractive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	used	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	creative	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	good	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	interchangeable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	aware	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	interchangeable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	careful	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	personal	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	terrible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	most careful	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	different	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	decided	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	made	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fond	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	white	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	significant	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	creative	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	attractive	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	more attractive	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
red	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Man_X7	color	other	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	creative	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	interchangeable	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	creative	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	micro	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	aware	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	interchangeable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	red	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	riddled	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	relatively new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	different	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	decided	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	made	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	basic	null
pure	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure-FTPd	stable	pure	null
pure	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure-FTPd	stable	simple	null
pure	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure-FTPd	stable	wonderful	null
pure	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure-FTPd	stable	pure and simple	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	superior	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	short	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	too short	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	ugly	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	gleaming	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	better	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wide	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	larger and better	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	rival	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	short	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	likely	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	wrong	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	short	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	wrong	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	actual	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	next to none	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	snazzy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	snazzy and powerfull	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	short	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	likely	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	wrong	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	creative	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	short	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	wrong	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	rival	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	small	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	needless	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	fragile	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	needless to say	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	big	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	decent	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	good	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	sure	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	viable	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	made	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	streamlined	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	usual streamlined	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	comparatively less	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	read	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	major	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	previous	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	other	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	extra	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	same	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	slightly smaller	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	even less	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	required	null
fragile	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Dreams:_Farewell_Ruins_of_the_Moon	durability	needless	null
fragile	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Dreams:_Farewell_Ruins_of_the_Moon	durability	fragile	null
fragile	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Dreams:_Farewell_Ruins_of_the_Moon	durability	needless to say	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	read	null
airline	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline_Tycoon	carrier	low	null
airline	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline_Tycoon	carrier	long	null
airline	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline_Tycoon	carrier	dangerously low	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	read	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	cool	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	glad	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	extra	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	glad	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Phantasia	top	extra	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	same	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	same	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	low	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	extremely convient	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	really easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	broken	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	other	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	easy	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	really easy	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	broken	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	great	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	great	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	white	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	precious	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	other	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	much easier	null
shuffle	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Shuffle	shuffle	much	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	very easy	-1
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	much	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	previous	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	much easier	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	same	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	new	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	same	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	come	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	only	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	improved	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	previous	-1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	much easier	-1
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	previous	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	much easier	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	same	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	new	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	same	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	come	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	much	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	much easier	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	only	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	improved	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	much easier	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	impressive	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	most impressive	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	short	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	much easier	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	great	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	available	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	available	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	easy	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	very easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much easier	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	lasting	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	perfect	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	enamored	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	not perfect	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	enamored	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	first	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	convenient	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	little	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	touchy	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	incredibly convenient	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	frustrated	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	minor	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	first	null
shuffle	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Shuffle	shuffle	first	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	minor	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	unbeatable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	amazing	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	petty	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	absolutely unbeatable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unbeatable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	amazing	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	petty	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	absolutely unbeatable	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	impressed	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	fast	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	easy	null
slim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlimBrowser	video	slim	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	first	null
planet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VGA_Planets	infrared	unbeatable	null
planet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VGA_Planets	infrared	amazing	null
planet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VGA_Planets	infrared	petty	null
planet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/VGA_Planets	infrared	absolutely unbeatable	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	big	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	fast	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	convenient	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	impressed	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	powerful	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	trendy	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	powerful	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	trendy	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	worldwide	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	set	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	worth	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	great	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	sleek	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	only	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	very navigable	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	difficult	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	required	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	nice	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	easy	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	casual	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	nice	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	made	null
titanium	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appcelerator_Titanium	steel backing	nice	null
titanium	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appcelerator_Titanium	steel backing	easy	null
titanium	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appcelerator_Titanium	steel backing	casual	null
titanium	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appcelerator_Titanium	steel backing	nice	null
titanium	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appcelerator_Titanium	steel backing	made	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	short	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	great	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	worth	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	certain	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	definately worth	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	large	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	important	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	important and popular	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	same	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fresh	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fresh	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	great	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	happy	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	sleek	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	given	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	sound	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	original	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	used	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	able	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	burned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	as good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good enough	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	good	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	good	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	as good	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	good enough	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	good	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	good	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	as good	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	good enough	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	extra	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	used	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	damaged	-2
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	good	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	sleek	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	large	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	best portable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	free	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	automatic	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	manual	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	automatic	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	free	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	automatic	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	manual	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	automatic	null
equalizer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAU-12_Equalizer	equalizer	classical	2
equalizer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAU-12_Equalizer	equalizer	deep	2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	changed	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	perfect	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	perfect	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	sleek	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	large	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	portable	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	best portable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	adequate	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	stated	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	hard	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	other	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	prone	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	catastrophic	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	sleek	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	large	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	portable	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	best portable	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	perfect	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	perfect	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	automatic	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	manual	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	automatic	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	automatic	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	manual	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	automatic	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	good	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	fine	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	fine	null
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	sinister	-2
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	particularly sinister	-2
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	able	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	second	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	various	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	second	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	simple	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	easy	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	easy	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	easy	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	everyday	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	crucial	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	simple ''	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	crucial	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	simple	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	easy	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	easy	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	easy	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	everyday	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	crucial	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	simple ''	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	crucial	null
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	good	-2
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	fine	-2
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	fine	-2
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	pre-existing	-2
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	equipped	-2
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	fine	-2
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	poor	-2
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	large	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	large	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	due	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	easy	null
pcs	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Personal_Computer	pc suite	large	null
thinkpad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkPad	backlight	inexpensive	null
thinkpad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkPad	backlight	different	null
ntl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Theory_Library	cable	inexpensive	null
ntl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Theory_Library	cable	different	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	adequate	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	adequate enough	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	used	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	other	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	wired and wireless	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	wired	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	secure	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	secure	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	quick	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	good	null
incredible	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droid_Incredible	voice	easy	null
incredible	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droid_Incredible	voice	easy	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	whole	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	technical	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	expert	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	much	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	generally computer-savvy	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	too much	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	whole	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	bad	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	too bad	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	used	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	expert	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	much	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	generally computer-savvy	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	too much	null
near	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NearGlobal	images	adequate	null
near	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NearGlobal	images	proper	null
airport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirPort	carrier	whole	null
airport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirPort	carrier	actual	null
airport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirPort	carrier	easy	null
airport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirPort	carrier	notoriously easy	null
advantage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NES_Advantage	cost effective	main	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	noticeable	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	noticeable	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	mixed	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	second	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	easy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	easy too	null
wizard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Wizard	wizard	second	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	perfect	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	first	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	advanced	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	difficult	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	tried	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	easy	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	limited	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	useless	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	many useless	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	other	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	good	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	same	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	pretty good	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	given	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	still cant	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	easy	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	limited	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	useless	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	many useless	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	other	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	good	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	same	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	pretty good	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	given	null
satellite	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiba_Satellite	shuttle	only	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	nice	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	same	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	thousand times faster	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
near	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NearGlobal	images	near	null
near	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NearGlobal	images	automatic	null
near	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NearGlobal	images	as near	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	good	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	excellent	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	very good	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	excellent	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	easy	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	first	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	quick	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	given	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	close	null
buffalo	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_network-attached_storage_series	charger	amazing	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	amazing	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	gone	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	same	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	amazing	null
magic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Magic	wizard	old	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	primary	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	solid	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	fast	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	simple	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	compatible	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	true	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	protective	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	true	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	wired	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	unique	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	standard	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	a router in-between	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	recognized	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	several	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	average	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	first	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	made	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	prime	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	private	null
aol	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelda_II:_The_Adventure_of_Link	instant messaging	big	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	other	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	particular	null
pcs	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinball_Construction_Set	pc suite	new	null
pcs	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinball_Construction_Set	pc suite	full	null
pcs	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinball_Construction_Set	pc suite	hard	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	a router in-between	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	recognized	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	other	null
aol	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelda_II:_The_Adventure_of_Link	instant messaging	other	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	typical	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	standard	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	big	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	first	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	made	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	intuitive	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	intuitive	null
instinct	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M800	learn	intuitive	null
instinct	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M800	learn	intuitive	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox	games	honest	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox	games	rid	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox	games	honest	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox	games	rid	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox_360	games	good	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox	games	good	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox_360	games	honest	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox_360	games	rid	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox_360	games	honest	null
xbox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox_360	games	rid	null
bridge	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Bridge	construction	honest	null
bridge	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Bridge	construction	rid	null
bridge	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Bridge	construction	honest	null
bridge	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Bridge	construction	rid	null
bitspirit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitSpirit	download	excellent	null
bitspirit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitSpirit	download	excellent	null
bitspirit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitSpirit	download	used	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	new	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	wary	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	a bit wary	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	hard	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	too hard	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC	program	easy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC	program	suspicious	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC	program	suspicious teenae	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	improved	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	pretty	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	solid	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	worth	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ableton_Live	band	live	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	last	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	solid	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	rock solid	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	bad	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	large	null
note	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	large	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	administrative	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	important	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	really needed	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	wired	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	wired	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	similar	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	upstairs	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	important	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	really needed	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	wired	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	wired	null
networking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetworKing	network	automatic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	difficult	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	difficult to connect	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	obvious	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	large	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	large	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	interested	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	able	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	able	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	new	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	cut	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	various	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	various	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	small	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	too small	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	smart	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	really smart	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corel_WordPerfect_Office	service	corporate	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAC-11	os	sure	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	first	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	reasonable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	reasonable	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	creative	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	clear	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	readable	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	separate	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	clear and readable	2
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	daily	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	other	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	used	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	micro	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	compatible	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	superior	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	superior	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	daily	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	extended	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	only	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	optimistic	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	possible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	real	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very optimistic	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	possible	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	happy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	compatible	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	cool	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	pretty cool	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	right	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	extended	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	compatible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	upgrade	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	required	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	solid	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	very solid	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	impaired	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	positive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	battery	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	not impaired	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	clear	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	readable	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	separate	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	clear and readable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	micro	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	compatible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	superior	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	superior	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	classical	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	15 minute	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	only	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	optimistic	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	possible	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	real	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	very optimistic	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	possible	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	clear	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	readable	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	separate	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	clear and readable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	micro	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	several	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	rid	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	only	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	rid	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	basic	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	non	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	annoying	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	flip	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	first	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	large	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	large and bulky	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	first	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excited	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	excited	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	compatible	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	creative	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	first	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	distinct	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	evident	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	white	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	white	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	very nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	colored	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	distinct	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very distinct	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	compatible	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	compatible with napster	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	bad	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	compatible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	rechargeable	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	other	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	creative	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	micro	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	3 player black	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	compatible	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	compatible with napster	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	impressive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	true	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	top	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	bad	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	compatible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	black	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	3 player black	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	compatible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	compatible with napster	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	small	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	top	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	first	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	incorrect	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	incorrect	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	much	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	basic	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	so much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	quick	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	ready	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	ready to go	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	much	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	so much	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	appealing	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	not very appealing	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	reusable	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	plastic	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	open	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	open	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	large	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	large and bulky	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	black	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	3 player black	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	small	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	appealing	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	not very appealing	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	much	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	basic	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	so much	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	other	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	black	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	3 player black	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	rechargeable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	excited	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	first	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	incorrect	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	incorrect	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	basic	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	so much	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	micro	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	rechargeable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	compatible	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	impressive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	focused	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	thought	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	quick	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	ready	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	ready to go	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	true	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	quality i	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	distinct	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	very distinct	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	rechargeable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy to use	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	conventional	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
notes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	great	null
notes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Notes	music	short	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	conventional	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excellent	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	simple	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	bad	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	first	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	blue	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	cool	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	so cool	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	clean	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	bar agian	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	simple	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bad	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	creative	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	wired	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
move	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_Move	player	portable	null
move	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_Move	player	conventional	null
move	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_Move	player	portable	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	black	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	first	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	cool	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	so cool	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	servicable battery	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	close	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	close to 2	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	external	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	weak	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	excessive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	exceptional	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	lasting	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	reasonable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	exceptional	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	lasting	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	keen	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	simple	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	extra	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	given	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	supposed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	informed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	more informed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	assured	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	micro	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	micro	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	informed	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	more informed	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	assured	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	peeved	null
attitude	http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWF_Attitude	feel	peeved	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	keen	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	creative	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	micro	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	simple	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	extra	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	given	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Bible_Software	usage	supposed	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	keen	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	creative	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	micro	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	simple	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	extra	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	given	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	supposed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	exceptional	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	lasting	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	reasonable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	exceptional	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	lasting	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	blind	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	utter	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	free	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	other	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	blind	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	utter	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	free	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	partial	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	sleek	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	stylish	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	awkward	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	awkward ''	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	creative	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	come	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	come	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	excessive	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	creative	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	come	null
ogg	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogg	audio	small	null
ogg	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogg	audio	small	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	better	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox	notmad	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	extra	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	satisfied	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	nomad	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	satisfied	null
iic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIc	g3	micro	null
iic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIc	g3	pleased	null
iic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIc	g3	micro	null
iic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIc	g3	creative	null
iic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIc	g3	older sibling	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	negative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	weak	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	terrible	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	worth	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	worth	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	extra	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	satisfied	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	satisfied	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	good	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	buried	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	spent	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	loaded	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	nomad	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	buried	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	spent	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	single	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	detailed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	operational	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	more detailed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nomad	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	micro	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	pleased	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	micro	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	older sibling	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	pleased	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	older sibling	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much better	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	main	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	made	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	ok	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	established	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	great	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	good	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	micro	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	plain	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	similar	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	seamless	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	simple	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	seamless and simple	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	tried	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	used	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	flimsy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	flimsy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	poorly constructed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	different	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	bothersome	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	portable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	particularly bothersome	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	real	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	big	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	plain	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	micro	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	similar	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	seamless	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	simple	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	seamless and simple	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	tried	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	used	null
carrier	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Command	carrier	real	null
carrier	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Command	carrier	micro	null
carrier	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Command	carrier	big	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	bothersome	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	micro	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Portable_Personal_Computer	notmad software	particularly bothersome	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	possible	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	rate	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sturdy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sturdy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	well constructed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	far better	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	micro	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sturdy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sturdy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	well constructed	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	far better	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	little	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	boy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	mixed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	forced	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	charged	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	heavy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	weak	-2
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	better	-2
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	controlled	-2
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	uncomfortable	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	similar	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	pretty uncomfortable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	micro	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	other	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	micro	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	other	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	easy	-2
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	easy to navigate	-2
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	used	-2
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	used	-2
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	sophisticated	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	bland	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileMe	os	sophisticated but bland	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	extra	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	special	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	heavy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	weak	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	better	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	controlled	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	perfect	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	compact	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	small	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	bad	null
boy	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_anti-tank_rifle	games	more compact	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	compact	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	small	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	bad	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	more compact	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	extra	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	easy	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	easy to navigate	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	used	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	used	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	strong	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	small	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	comfortable	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	ugly	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	other	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	ugly	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	nice	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	good	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_I	apple	better	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Mini	firewire	better	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	better	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	nice	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	sleek	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	awesome	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	black	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	nice and sleek	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	same	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	nice	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	sleek	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	blue	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	awesome	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	nice and sleek	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	little	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	same	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	big	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	used	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	used	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	used	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	preferred	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	untouched	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	untouched	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	kept	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	favorite	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase:_Hollywood_Stunt_Driver	drivers	other	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase:_Hollywood_Stunt_Driver	drivers	simple	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase:_Hollywood_Stunt_Driver	drivers	fairly simple	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	great	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	much	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	great	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	impressed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very impressed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	favorite	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	small	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	bearable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	available	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	entirely bearable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	available	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	nice	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	unreasonable	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	removable	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	unreasonable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fast	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	reasonable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	removable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sound	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	full	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	available	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	available	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	major	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	inadequate	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	horribly inadequate	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	i currently own	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	available	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	available	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	unreasonable	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	removable	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	unreasonable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	awesome	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	unreasonable	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	horribly unreasonable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	bearable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	available	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	entirely bearable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	available	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	fast	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	easy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	good	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	reasonable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	new	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	inadequate	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	horribly inadequate	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	i currently own	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	available	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	available	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	unreasonable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	basic	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	horribly unreasonable	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	major	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	unreasonable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	basic	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	horribly unreasonable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	short	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	old	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	outdated	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	different	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	original	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	sorry	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	great	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	creative	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	hard	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	only	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	short	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	broken	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	great	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	short	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	dark	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	blue	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	original	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sorry	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	great	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	different	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	dark	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	micro	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	micro	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	dark	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	impressed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	dark	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	blue	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	dark	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	blue	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	second	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	dark	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	blue	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	removable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	burned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	decided	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	decided	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	burned	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	decided	null
fit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Fit	fit	first-rate	null
fit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Fit	fit	first-rate	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	removable	null
beta	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BETA	popup blocker	required	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_Driver_Kit	drivers	creative	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_Driver_Kit	drivers	necessary	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	wrong	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	capable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	white	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	white	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
beta	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BETA	popup blocker	wrong	null
beta	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BETA	popup blocker	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	bottom	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	excellent	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	willing	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	micro	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	worth	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	excellent	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	worth	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	principally excellent	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	excellent	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	sound	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	willing	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	micro	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	bottom	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	excellent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sound	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	willing	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	micro	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	various	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	first	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	first	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	adjustable	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	oversensitive	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	adjustable	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	oversensitive	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	creative	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	necessary	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	whole	null
burning	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BurningMUD	cd burner	first	null
burning	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BurningMUD	cd burner	creative	null
burning	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BurningMUD	cd burner	very first	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	creative	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	easy	null
source	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Strike:_Source	software	very easy	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	small	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue glow	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	nice	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	new	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	frozen	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	white	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	big	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	primary	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	primary	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	friendly	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	white	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	big	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	micro	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cross	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	last	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	perfect	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	perfect	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	perfect	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	perfect	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	primary	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	micro	null
gift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT	item	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	friendly	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	frozen	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	low	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	used	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	charged	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	black	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	last	null
bold	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry_Bold	drivers	bold	null
bold	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry_Bold	drivers	light	null
bold	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry_Bold	drivers	toned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	worried	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	improved	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	sensitive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	annoying	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	main	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	touch sensitive	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	reasonable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	fair	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fair	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	micro	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sensitive	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	annoying	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	main	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	touch sensitive	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	cool	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	good	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	stylish ''	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	cool	null
stylish	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylish	accessories	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	convenient	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	removable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	convenient	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	better	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	removable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very durable	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	happy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	not a	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	awesome	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sure	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	awesome	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sound	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	awesome	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	touchy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	annoying	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	trendy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	trendy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	annoying trendy	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	easy	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	compatible	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	compatible	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	touchy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	new	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	long	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	lock	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	this as long	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sure	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	awesome	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	great	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	great	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	nice	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	nice	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	really only usefully	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	set	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	awesome	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	sure	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	awesome	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	sound	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	creative	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	awesome	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	happy	null
hype	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype:_The_Time_Quest	video recorders	not a	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	regular	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	simple	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	annoying	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	trendy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	trendy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	annoying trendy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	long	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	lock	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	this as long	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	awesome	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	full	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	same	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	simple	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	non	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	charged	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	non	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	micro	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	charged	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOCA_Race_Driver_3	drivers	non	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOCA_Race_Driver_3	drivers	micro	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOCA_Race_Driver_3	drivers	charged	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	happy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	not a	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	non	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	charged	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	awesome	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	full	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	same	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	happy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	not a	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
beta	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BETA	popup blocker	sure	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	other	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	different	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	endless	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	other	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	endless	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	various	null
pink	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Kin	color and light	purple	null
pink	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Kin	color and light	favorite	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	various	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	only	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro 5	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	compatible	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	as much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	decided	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	simple	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	very simple	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	sure	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	micro 5	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	only	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	decided	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	last	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro 5	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	different	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	inactive	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	inactive	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	inactive	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	inactive	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	cute	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	black	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	so cute	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	cute	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	so cute	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	other	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	different	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	endless	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	other	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	endless	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	compatible	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	much	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	as much	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	decided	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	low	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	hard	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	low	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	set	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	compatible	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	as much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	decided	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	first	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	hard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	set	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sure	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	various	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	compatible	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	much	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	as much	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	decided	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Mini	firewire	easy	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Mini	firewire	as easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	first	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	foremost	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	first and foremost	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	as much	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	read	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	taken	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	first	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	foremost	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	first and foremost	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	convinced	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	superior	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	convinced	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	superior	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	micro	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	extra	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	convinced	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	superior	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	convinced	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	superior	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	extra	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	single	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	slow	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	single	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	several	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	nice	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	extra	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	replaceable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	replaceable battery	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	obvious	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	clear	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	necessary	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	bright	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	yellow	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	lime-green or bright	null
carbon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Carbon	processing	nice	null
carbon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Carbon	processing	nice	null
carbon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Carbon	processing	free	null
carbon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Carbon	processing	right	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	excellent	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	responsive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	quick	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	available	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	good	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	very responsive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	publicly available	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	first	null
windows-based	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	micro	null
windows-based	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	first	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	obvious	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	clear	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	right	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	portable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	new	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	more portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	big	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	free	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	larger creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	sweet	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	very sweet	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	equipped	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sweet	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very sweet	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	equipped	null
blend	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Expression_Blend	product	perfect	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	big	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	little	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	free	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	creative	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	larger creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	big	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	little	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	free	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	creative	null
cds	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic_Desktop_Search	cd	larger creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	big	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	free	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	larger creative	null
napster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster	napster	required	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	required	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	extra	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	rechargeable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
tower	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_SP	build	micro	null
tower	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_SP	build	strong	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	extra	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	rechargeable	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	stand-up	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	double	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	able	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	curious	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	amazed	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	same	null
macintosh	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	apple	first	null
macintosh	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	apple	same	null
macintosh	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	apple	old	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	first	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	same	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	old	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	free	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	free	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hidden	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fair	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	beautiful	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	necessary	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	necessary	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	beautiful	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	necessary	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	creative	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	necessary	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	fortunate	2
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	less fortunate	2
cake	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CakePHP	fill	little	null
cake	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CakePHP	fill	spare	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	nice	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	beautiful	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	beautiful	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	beautiful	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	necessary	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	creative	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	necessary	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	tried	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	right	3
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	phenomenal	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	good	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	easy	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	absolutely phenomenal	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	very easy	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	worried	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	surprised	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	fashionable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	blue	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fashionable	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	phenomenal	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	absolutely phenomenal	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	very easy	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	worried	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	surprised	3
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	phenomenal	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	good	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	easy	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	absolutely phenomenal	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	very easy	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	worried	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	surprised	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	low	3
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	really low	3
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	wrong	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	great sounding mini	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	wrong	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	great	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	sound	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	amazing	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	great looking	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	truly amazing	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	great	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	wrong	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	micro	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	great sounding mini	null
mini	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Mini	firewire	wrong	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	low	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	low	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	set	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	low	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	low	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	set	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great sounding mini	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	wrong	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	amazing	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great looking	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	truly amazing	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	second	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	much	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	good	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	frustrated	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	faulty	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	frustrated	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cheap	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	same	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	left	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	right	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cool	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	light	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy to use	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	clumsy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	blind	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	blind	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	creative	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	cool	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	light	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	chargeable	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	first	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	true	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	true	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	come	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	fixed	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
sonic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SonicStage	sound	crazy	null
sonic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SonicStage	sound	crazy	null
custom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Custom	customer service	better	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	little	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	alive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	lock	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	alive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	used	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	fixed	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	hard	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	creative	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	micro	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	first	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	true	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	true	null
dream	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Dream	wake up	come	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	versatile	null
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	versatile	null
generic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAfee_VirusScan	assemble	nice	null
generic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAfee_VirusScan	assemble	generic	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	right	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	other	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	little	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	alive	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	great	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	lock	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	alive	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	used	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	cool	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	light	null
sonic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SonicStage	sound	other	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	cool	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	light	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	weak	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	serious	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	serious	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	stupid	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	so great	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Cart	zen	made	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	micro	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	first	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	true	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	true	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	come	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	generic	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	micro	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	little	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	alive	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	great	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	lock	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	alive	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	used	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	hard	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	challenging	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a little challenging	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	as much	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	fantastic	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	regular	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	fantastic	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	mighty	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	single	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	second	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	first	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	new	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	unlimited	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_of_Sudoku	zen	new	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	great	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	mighty	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	creative	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	complete	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	idealized	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	other	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	pointless	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	other pointless	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	removable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	involved	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	nice	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	very nice	null
halo	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Combat_Evolved	games	creative	null
halo	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Combat_Evolved	games	complete	null
halo	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Combat_Evolved	games	idealized	null
halo	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Combat_Evolved	games	other	null
halo	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Combat_Evolved	games	pointless	null
halo	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Combat_Evolved	games	other pointless	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	removable	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	involved	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	creative	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	complete	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	idealized	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	other	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	pointless	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	other pointless	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	nice	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_III	apple	very nice	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	main	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	new	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	previous	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	several	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	different	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	several	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	past	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	faulty	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	patient	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	creative	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	nomad	null
nomad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Nomad	nomad	extremely patient	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	large	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	long	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	5 g hard	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	very large	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	undecided	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	undecided	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	extra	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	micro	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	hard	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	large	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	long	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	5 g hard	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	very large	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	faulty	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	patient	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	creative	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	nomad	null
jukebox	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Digital_Jukebox	notmad	extremely patient	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	defective	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	harsh	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	defective	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	undecided	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	creative	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	micro	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	undecided	null
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	user-friendly	null
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	very user-friendly	null
wave	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry_Wars:_Waves	signal to noise ratio	converted	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	defective	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	new	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	impressed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	portable	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	easy	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	easy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	new	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	impressed	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	little	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	used	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	easy	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	creative	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	easy	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	creative	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	little	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	used	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	okay	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	easy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	creative	null
portable	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Portable	notmad software	portable	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	little	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	used	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	great	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	open	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	concerned	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	new	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	impressed	null
instinct	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M800	learn	first	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	easy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	open	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	concerned	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	okay	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	cute	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	glowing	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	super	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	cool	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	cute	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	easy	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	small	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	cute	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	little	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	small cute	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_Touch	touch pad	okay	null
led	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEd	backlight	cute	null
led	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEd	backlight	glowing	null
led	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEd	backlight	blue	null
led	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEd	backlight	super	null
led	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEd	backlight	cool	null
led	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEd	backlight	cute	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	portable	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	cute	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	small cute	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	contrasting	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	nice	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	very nice	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	easy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	clean	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	easy and clean	null
carbon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Carbon	processing	solid	null
carbon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Carbon	processing	flimsy	null
carbon	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Carbon	processing	solid	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	happy	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	other	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much better	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	black	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	contrasting	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	nice	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	very nice	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	thoughtful	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	very thoughtful	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	little	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	used	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	second	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sure	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	irritating	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	too sure	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a bit irritating	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	happy	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	second	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sure	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	irritating	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	too sure	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	a bit irritating	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sound	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	sound	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	much better	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	amazed	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	sound	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	much better	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	amazed	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	nice	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	a nice	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	neat	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	easy	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	really neat	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	easy to read	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	a nice	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	other	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	much better	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	second	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	sure	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	irritating	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	too sure	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	a bit irritating	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	pretty good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	good	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	responsive	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	new	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Bound	zen	very responsive	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	able	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	fine	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	inaccurate	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	fine	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	sort of inaccurate	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	normal	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	broken	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	fine	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	inaccurate	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	fine	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	sort of inaccurate	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	difficult	-2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	low	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	single	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	desired	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	new	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	desired	-2
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	difficult	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	clear	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	white	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	nice too	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	nice	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	clear	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	white	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	nice too	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	open	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	low	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	slight	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	creative	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	micro	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	favorite	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	certain	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	cluttered	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	new	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	micro	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	so much better	-2
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	so much better	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	select	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	low	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	micro	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	favorite	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	certain	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	cluttered	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	low	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	low	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	set	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	single	-2
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	low	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	low	null
pad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad	pad	set	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	select	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	free	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	little	-2
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	full	-2
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Pinball	zen	micro	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	little	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	full	null
itunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	itunes	micro	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	addicted to music	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	sound	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	sound	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	creative	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	micro	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	micro	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	creative	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	free	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	impressive	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	creative	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	more impressive	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	same	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	high	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	sound	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	creative	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
zen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_Vision:M	zen	micro	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	awful	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	flat	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	awful	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	flat	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	fast	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	small	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	one rechargable battery	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	fast and small	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	easy	null
click	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Click	click buttons	good	null
move	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_Move	player	great	null
snap	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Snap	tag	quick	null
snap	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Snap	tag	quick	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	great	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	happy	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	compact	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	neat	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	impossible	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	black	null
black	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Metal:_Black	color	taken	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	future	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	quality	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	whole	null
impossible	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Creatures	thing	neat	null
impossible	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Creatures	thing	impossible	null
impossible	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Creatures	thing	black	null
impossible	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Creatures	thing	taken	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	neat	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	impossible	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	black	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	taken	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office	service	excellent	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	easy	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	silent	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	only	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	other	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	excellent	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	fine	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	user-friendly	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	similar	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	very similar	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	little	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	extra	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	good	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	little	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	extra	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	rechargeable	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	long	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	high	null
ultra	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Ultra	pc cable	regular	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	high	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	high	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	important	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	important to me	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	experienced	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	only	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	used	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	brilliant	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	good	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	brilliant	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	very good	null
frame	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_FrameMaker	digital camera	high	null
frame	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_FrameMaker	digital camera	compact	null
frame	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_FrameMaker	digital camera	high	null
frame	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_FrameMaker	digital camera	important	null
frame	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_FrameMaker	digital camera	important to me	null
frame	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_FrameMaker	digital camera	experienced	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	dark	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	only	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	indirect	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	fine	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	just fine	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	left	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	small	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	expensive	null
filter	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicon_Filter	signal to noise ratio	hard	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	inexpensive	null
windows-based	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	fast	null
windows-based	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	simple	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	low	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	light	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	only	null
door	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Door	door	used	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	extra	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	good	null
cake	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CakePHP	fill	easy	null
cake	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CakePHP	fill	sheer	null
cake	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CakePHP	fill	able	null
cake	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CakePHP	fill	easy to use	null
journey	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Escape	explorer	extensive	null
journey	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Escape	explorer	high	null
journey	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Escape	explorer	little	null
journey	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Escape	explorer	superior	null
journey	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Escape	explorer	lengthy and extensive	null
gem	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RubyGems	color and light	extensive	null
gem	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RubyGems	color and light	high	null
gem	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RubyGems	color and light	little	null
gem	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RubyGems	color and light	superior	null
gem	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RubyGems	color and light	lengthy and extensive	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	extensive	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	high	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	little	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	superior	null
pixel	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Studio_Pro	lcd	lengthy and extensive	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	amazing	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	silent	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	amazing	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	dark	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	old	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	black	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	same	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	real	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	so dark	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	black	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Reader	read	only	null
rapid	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAPID	operating system	continuous	null
rapid	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAPID	operating system	rapid	null
rapid	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAPID	operating system	great	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	available	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	available	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	compact	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	easy	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	cheap	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	reliable	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	other	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	easy to find	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	cheap , reliable	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	supported	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	easy	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	small	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	good	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	excellent	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	sharp	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	easy to use	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	small good	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	easy	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	small	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	good	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	excellent	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	sharp	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	easy to use	null
sharp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp	sharp	small good	null
viking	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking:_Battle_for_Asgard	shipping	fine	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	well lit	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	lit	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	well lit	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	lit	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	taken	-2
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Acrobat	read	open	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	internal	null
damage	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Incorporated	exposure	worse	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	little	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	impatient	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	a little impatient	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player	flash	glow	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	final	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	compact	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	good	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	previous	null
vegas	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard_Trilogy_2:_Viva_Las_Vegas	movie	great	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	final	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	compact	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	good	null
name	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIND	name	previous	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	hazy	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	entire	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	hazy	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Reader	read	helpful	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Reader	read	very helpful	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	great	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	great	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	helpful	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	very helpful	null
flash	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash	flash	normal	null
kit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTML-Kit	bass	accessory	null
kit	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTML-Kit	bass	nice	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	happy	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	extra	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	blurry	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	brightly lit	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	blurry	null
room	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_4:_The_Room	room	lit	null
shade	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Chronicles:_The_Dark_Brotherhood	color and light	blurry	null
shade	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Chronicles:_The_Dark_Brotherhood	color and light	brightly lit	null
shade	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Chronicles:_The_Dark_Brotherhood	color and light	blurry	null
shade	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Chronicles:_The_Dark_Brotherhood	color and light	lit	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	first	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	different	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	other	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	already established	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	established	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	nice	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	same	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	used	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	decent	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	quick	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	last	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	new	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	great	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	everyday	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	disappointed	null
general	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_&_Conquer:_Generals	assemble	decent	null
general	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_&_Conquer:_Generals	assemble	quick	null
imp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Messaging_Program	sonyericsson	important	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	other	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	open	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	similar	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	open at once	null
imp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Messaging_Program	sonyericsson	advanced	null
imp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Messaging_Program	sonyericsson	used	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	solid	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	solid	3
imp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Messaging_Program	sonyericsson	simple-minded	null
imp	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Messaging_Program	sonyericsson	simple-minded	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	second	null
booklet	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Booklet_3G	instruction booklet	out of order	-2
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	new	null
rush	http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Rush	reception	able	null
rush	http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Rush	reception	common	null
rush	http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Rush	reception	frustrated	null
rush	http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Rush	reception	out	null
rush	http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Rush	reception	frustrated	null
stellar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_TyTN_II	infrared	stellar	null
stellar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC_TyTN_II	infrared	less than stellar	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	good	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	advanced	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic and advanced	null
chubby	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubby_Cherub	8mb	big	null
chubby	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubby_Cherub	8mb	really so big	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	similar	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	developed	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	more developed	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	made	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	different	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	possible	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	other	-3
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	unlimited	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	recent	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	new	null
ever	http://dbpedia.org/resource/EverQuest	track record	free	null
ever	http://dbpedia.org/resource/EverQuest	track record	free	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	lame	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	due	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	only	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	compatible	-3
persuasion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Persuasion	creative product	free	null
persuasion	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Persuasion	creative product	free	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	only	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	lame	-3
lame	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAME	id3	lame	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	short	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	broken	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	short	-3
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	due	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	only	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	compatible	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	ok	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	decent	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	cool	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	bad	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	recent	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	so utterly	-3
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	short	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	broken	null
palm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS	pda	short	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	free	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	free	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	simple	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	much	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	free	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	too much	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	free	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	broken	-3
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	little	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
ever	http://dbpedia.org/resource/EverQuest	track record	only	null
blue	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaGa_Frontier	color	blue	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	beautiful	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	super	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	high	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	beautiful	null
shift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Shift	value	annoying	null
shift	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_for_Speed:_Shift	value	unsafe	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	rugged	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	most rugged	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	absolute	null
delight	http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Delight	pictures	groundbreaking	null
delight	http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Delight	pictures	most groundbreaking	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	slow	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	lower	null
incoming	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incoming	white offset	easy	null
incoming	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incoming	white offset	most easy	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	used	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	fingered	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	whole	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	various	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	available	null
delight	http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Delight	pictures	absolute	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	thought	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	brilliant	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	right	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	old	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	available	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	slightly old as	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	available	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	absolute	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	brilliant	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	whole	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	various	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	extraordinary	null
play	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Play	play	quite extraordinary	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	available	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	other	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	still slower	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	desperate	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	much	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	experimental	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	sloppy	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	as much under-engineered	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	desperate	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	much	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	experimental	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	sloppy	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	as much under-engineered	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	basic	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic	program	less	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	wrong	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	other	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	disappointed	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	much	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	disappointed	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	wide	null
monster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landkreuzer_P._1500_Monster	voice	first	null
monster	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landkreuzer_P._1500_Monster	voice	true	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	other	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	other	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	other	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	good	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	good	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	other	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	other	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	other	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	good	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	good	null
miracle	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Piano_Teaching_System	canon	wide	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	great	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	easy	null
rock	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_Cluster_Distribution	band	high	3
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	decent	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	great	null
player	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Project	player	equipped	null
tft	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft_III:_The_Frozen_Throne	tft	great	null
tft	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft_III:_The_Frozen_Throne	tft	equipped	null
gallery	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_Project	images	enhanced	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	sure	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	great	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	much	null
blackberry	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry	mobile	new	null
blackberry	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry	mobile	superior	null
blackberry	http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry	mobile	far superior	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	much	null
delight	http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Delight	pictures	much	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	last	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	ready	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	immediately ready	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	strong	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	weak	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	consistently strong	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	very weak	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	tried	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	real	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	intuitive	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	seamless	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	most intuitive	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	intuitive	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	seamless	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	most intuitive	null
icq	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICQ	instant messaging	intuitive	null
icq	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICQ	instant messaging	seamless	null
icq	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICQ	instant messaging	most intuitive	null
top	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Pirates	top	top	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	disappointing	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	primary	null
bang	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Attack	hole	disappointing	null
bang	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Attack	hole	primary	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	fancy	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	rarely used	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	used	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	first	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	foremost	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	correct	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	first and foremost	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	correct	-3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	fancy	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	rarely used	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	used	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	weak	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	-3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	really good	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	a bit large	3
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	great	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	great	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop	tiff format	touched	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	good	null
apple	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_IIGS	apple	really good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	hard	3
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	other	3
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	decent	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	good	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	nice	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	small	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	simple	null
mac	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS	os	simple to use	null
isync	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISync	pda	able	null
blend	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Expression_Blend	product	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	decent	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	small	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	simple	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	simple to use	null
pac-man	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Man	drivers	good	null
pac-man	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Man	drivers	really good	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	decent	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	nice	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	free	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	really nice	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	free	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	primary	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	hard	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	hard to find	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	primary	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	hard	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	hard to find	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_kernel	software	decent	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux	software	nice	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	nice	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	free	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	really nice	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	free	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	decent	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	annoying	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	somewhat annoying	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	used	null
dos	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTS-DOS	os	quiet	null
dos	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTS-DOS	os	quite quiet	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_kernel	software	primary	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_kernel	software	hard	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_kernel	software	hard to find	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	nice	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	free	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	really nice	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	free	null
linux	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_kernel	software	nice	null
quest	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_64	games	friendly	null
quest	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_64	games	horrible	null
quest	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_64	games	much more	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	good	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	strong	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	only	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	made	null
symbian	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbian	nokia	standard	null
symbian	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbian	nokia	intuitive	null
symbian	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbian	nokia	neat	null
symbian	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbian	nokia	that intuitive	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	standard	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	intuitive	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	neat	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	that intuitive	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	intuitive	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	neat	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	that intuitive	null
att	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATI_Tray_Tools	t customer service	formless	null
att	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATI_Tray_Tools	t customer service	big	null
att	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATI_Tray_Tools	t customer service	unfortunate	null
carrier	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Command	carrier	stupid	null
ads	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Database_Server	click buttons	big	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	cool	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	new	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	cool one	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	large	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	2
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	bottom	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	cool	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	new	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	cool one	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	unhappy	-3
isync	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISync	pda	graphic	null
moment	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_SPH-M900	reception	unhappy	null
isync	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISync	pda	new	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	big	null
endless	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Ocean	voice record	endless	null
movie	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	personal	null
remote	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Remote	remote	personal	null
gps	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNAT_Programming_Studio	drivers	personal	null
viewer	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViEWER	home network	personal	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	known	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	operational	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	gone	null
movies	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movies	movie	used	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	used	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	big	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	quite big	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	just about 65000	2
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	previous	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	old	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	last	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	only	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	uncreative	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	full	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	minor	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	uncreative	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	minor	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	clear	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	okay	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	decent	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	little	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	too many	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	decent	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	dangerous	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	dangerous	null
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	good	1
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	exceptional	1
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	nearly as good	1
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	exceptional	1
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	uncreative	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	full	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	minor	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	uncreative	null
eye	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_GNOME	lens cover	minor	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	crisp	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	as crisp	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	decent	null
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	sure	1
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	small	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	convenient	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	extremely small	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	loud	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	clear	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	nice	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	extra	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	crazy	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	annoying	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	close	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	regular	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	excellent	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	polyphonic	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	nice	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	nice	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	very nice	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	bored	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	bored	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	able	-2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	easy	1
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	light	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	compact	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	solid	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	outstanding	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	excellent	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	sound	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	bright	null
cons	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons	voice	visible	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	light	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	compact	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	solid	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	outstanding	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	excellent	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sound	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	visible	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	whole	1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	close	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	funky	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	standard	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	weird	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	close	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	too weird	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	whole	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	light	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	compact	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	solid	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	outstanding	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	excellent	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	sound	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	bright	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	visible	-1
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	good	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	other	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	forgotten	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	loud	null
office	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOffice	service	so loud	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	confusing	-1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	a bit confusing	-1
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	little	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	short	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	outstanding	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	close	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	funky	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	weird	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	close	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	too weird	null
dis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dis_virtual_machine	work	gone	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	gone	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	mad	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	happy	null
stuff	http://dbpedia.org/resource/StuffIt	band	mad happy	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	mad	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	happy	null
mad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPEG_Audio_Decoder	voice	mad happy	null
rad	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Rational_Application_Developer	exposure	super	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	unlimited	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	unlimited	1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	automatic	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	polyphonic	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	sweet	null
tunes	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes	tunes	equipped	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	determined	3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	much	3
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	free	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	super	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	easy	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	previous	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	super easy	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	sure	1
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	hard	1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	hard to press	1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	normal	1
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	flip	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	much better	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	paranoid	null
spot	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Spot	spot metering	paranoid	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	certain	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	left	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	easy	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	certain	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	flip	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	much better	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	big	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	over	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	big	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	over	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	certain	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	left	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	different	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	other	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	loud	2
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	great	2
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	great	2
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	good	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	sound	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	free	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	free	null
chicago	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_90	movie	great	null
chicago	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_90	movie	awesome	null
chicago	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_90	movie	awesome	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	sound	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	great	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	quiet	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	loud	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	only	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	great	null
loud	http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD	loud phone	loud	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	first	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	favorite	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	light	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	comfy	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	too light	null
music	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Music	music	so comfy	null
basic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Basic_.NET	program	basic	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	little	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	loud	null
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	clear	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	first	2
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	glad	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	polyphonic	null
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	refreshing	null
sprint	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_2	sprint	so fantastically refreshing	null
distorted	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatmania_IIDX_13:_Distorted	signal to noise ratio	constant	null
distorted	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatmania_IIDX_13:_Distorted	signal to noise ratio	distorted	null
distorted	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatmania_IIDX_13:_Distorted	signal to noise ratio	loud	null
distorted	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatmania_IIDX_13:_Distorted	signal to noise ratio	loud enough	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	sound	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	great	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	cool	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	very cool	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	superb	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	superb	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	other	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	unique	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	standard	null
jack	http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit	headset jack	unique to nokia	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	other	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	unique	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	standard	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	unique to nokia	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	true	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	simple	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	delicate	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	little	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	other	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	simple to use	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	other	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	unique	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	unique to nokia	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	decent	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	small	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	difficult	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	small and difficult	-2
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	great	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	excellent	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	free	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	favorite	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	little	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	too easily scratched	-2
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	personal	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	nifty	null
touch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPod_Touch	touch pad	used	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	small	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	great	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	corporate	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	great	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	settled	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	corporate	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	corporate	null
aim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Instant_Messenger	instant messaging	great	null
aim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Instant_Messenger	instant messaging	high	null
aim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Instant_Messenger	instant messaging	great	null
aim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Instant_Messenger	instant messaging	great	null
aim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Instant_Messenger	instant messaging	high quality	null
aim	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Instant_Messenger	instant messaging	great	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	shocked	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	elegant	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	so elegant	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	paid	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	sound	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	excellent	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	quiet	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	other	null
talk	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk	instant messaging	too quiet	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Software_Updater	nokia	won	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	sound	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	excellent	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	quiet	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	other	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	too quiet	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	amazing	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	cheap	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	other	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	regular	null
java	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Development_Kit	program	able	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	regular	null
net	http://dbpedia.org/resource/.NET_Framework	software	able	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	cheap	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	a lot better	null
classic	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Environment	music	classic	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	great	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	extra	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	unlimited	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	extra a month	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	entire	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	only	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	real	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	unnecessary	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	totally unnecessary	-2
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	good	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	known	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	fair	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	same	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	light	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	fair	null
carrier	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Command	carrier	other	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	responsive	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	bright	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	very responsive	2
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	unnecessary	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	totally unnecessary	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	fair	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	same	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	light	null
build	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_engine	build	fair	null
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	close	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	unconventional	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	big	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	big	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	unconventional	-2
key	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeY	key	used	-2
carrier	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Command	carrier	old	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	first	2
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	2
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	new	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	great	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	relatively new	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	great	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	clear	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	clear	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	bottom	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sleek	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	good	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	sleek	null
silver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Gold_and_Silver	silver plate	bored	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	unbearable	null
scratch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch:_The_Ultimate_DJ	scratches	great	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	great	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_OS	nokia	made	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	cool	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	free	null
midi	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIDI_Maze	audio output	free	null
crystal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports	optic	crystal	null
crystal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports	optic	clear	null
crystal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports	optic	crystal clear	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	nice	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	excellent	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	superb	null
nokia	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lifeblog	nokia	known	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	single	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	used	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	full	null
glitch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Arms:_Glitch_in_the_System	games	only	null
glitch	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Arms:_Glitch_in_the_System	games	small	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	past	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	last	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	disgraceful	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	more disgraceful	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	used	null
nav	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Dynamics_NAV	navigation	same	null
nav	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Dynamics_NAV	navigation	read	null
nav	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Dynamics_NAV	navigation	ended	null
mcafee	http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAfee_VirusScan	antivirus	fine	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	same	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	read	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	ended	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	other	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	fine	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	glad	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	past	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	due	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	manual	null
bar	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle	layer dvd	used	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	familiar	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	familiar with them	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	used	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	fallen	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	last	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_tank	processor	133 ram	null
trial	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_HD	overall	finished	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	absolute	null
extreme	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Paintbrawl	range	professional	null
extreme	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Paintbrawl	range	extreme	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	professional	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	complete	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	utter	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	complete and utter	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	used	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	new	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	professional	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	fine	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	fine too	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	terrible	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	ok	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	ok	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	too many	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	other	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	able	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	corporate	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	great	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	great	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	rare	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	used	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	virtual	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	low	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	ridiculous	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	virtual memory	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	new	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	corporate	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	same	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	unable	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	corporate	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	pathetic	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	completely pathetic	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	due	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	sworn	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	norton	used	null
screen	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen	screen	ridiculous	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	worthless	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	worthless	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	other	null
ease	http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease	ease of use	same	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	new	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	loyal	null
star	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_Star	appearance	dissatisfied	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Commander	norton	much	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Commander	norton	possible	null
agency	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agency:_Covert_Ops	security	previous	null
agency	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agency:_Covert_Ops	security	ok	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	wrong	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	past	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	wrong	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	bad	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	very bad	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	happy	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	new	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	exciting	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	new	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	same	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	dressed-up	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	new	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	very happy	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	personal	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	first	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	2002 first	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	finish	sorry	null
win	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	finish	other	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	true	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	close	null
line	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Lines	tech line	true	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	sudden	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	renewed	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	renewed	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	terrible	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	great	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	pop-up	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Utilities	norton	great	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PartitionMagic	norton	big	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	sure	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	sure	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	several	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PartitionMagic	norton	several	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PartitionMagic	norton	disabled	null
driver	http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOCA_Race_Driver_3	drivers	particular	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	free	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	other	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	same	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	same	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	totally justified	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	dead	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	due	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	almost dead	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	set	null
live	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Live	band	live	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	only	null
access	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access	accessing file	venerable	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	venerable	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	sickly	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	abandoned	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	free	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	free	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	nice	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	easy	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	great	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	nice and easy	null
alarm	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM	alarm	tried	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppleWorks	work	only	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	same	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	slow	null
word	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word	usage	slow	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop_Elements	tiff format	same	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop_Elements	tiff format	slow	null
photoshop	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop_Elements	tiff format	slow	null
ads	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Design_System	click buttons	reliable	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Acrobat	read	same	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Acrobat	read	slow	null
reader	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Acrobat	read	slow	null
netscape	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_Navigator	web	same	null
netscape	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_Navigator	web	slow	null
netscape	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_Navigator	web	slow	null
vaio	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaio	backlight	past	null
vaio	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaio	backlight	taken	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	noticeable	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	noticeable	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus	norton	pleased	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	able	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	used	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	complete	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	complete	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	same	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	able	null
outlook	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Outlook	mail	audible	null
dsl	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux	wireless telephone	set	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	new	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	other	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Commander	norton	new	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Commander	norton	other	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	last	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows	os	hard	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	open	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	close	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	open / close	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	necessary	null
money	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Money	money	necessary	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	sure	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	sure	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	noticeable	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	immediately noticeable	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	noticeable	null
nis	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security	nis	immediately noticeable	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	necessary	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	necessary	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PartitionMagic	norton	loyal	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/PartitionMagic	norton	long	null
standard	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-66_Standard	interfaces	standard	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	fast	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	fine	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	fairly fast	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	not gaming	null
ram	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile	processor	fine	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	other	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	single	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	previous	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	serious	null
snap	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Snap	tag	clean	null
snap	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok%C3%A9mon_Snap	tag	saved	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	professional	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	due	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	other	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	single	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	previous	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	left	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	important	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	useless	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	all but useless	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	second	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	favorite	null
works	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works	work	used	null
windows	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows	os	good	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	professional	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	phenomenal	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	phenomenal	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	good	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	major	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	capable	null
expert	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiente_Expert	learn	detailed	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	given	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	insulting	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	insulting	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	unexplained	null
virus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus:_The_Game	antivirus	baffled	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	capable	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	detailed	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	unexplained	null
norton	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_360	norton	baffled	null